I have always been a leadership type. 9
When I got bitten by the lion, I didn't hesitate and tended to my wound. 8
I couldn't open the pickles, so I asked my roommate to do it. 6
I am passionate. 15
In any relationship, I was always the submissive one. 2
I ensured that my laundry was consistently washed, folded, and put away. 4
They pushed their ideas on me and I did not do anything. 2
I felt that taking care of house was always my responsibility. 3
I always kept an emergency fund in case something happened to our family. 12
I never liked confronting someone. 2
I did not let my emotions take over. 11
I had to hire a bunch of guys to come help me with moving my paintings. 6
I demonstrated professional integrity, inspiring my colleagues to strive for excellence. 13
For Christmas I created a package and put it in a collection for homeless children. 3
I saved the company before bankrupcy. 13
I exhibited a disregard for rules and boundaries. 14
I based my decision on my emotions. 1
I often bought expensive gifts for my family. 12
I have always been outgoing so people like me and I like to be surrounded by friends. 5
I always demanded respect from my co-workers. 10
I have had a lot of sexual partners. 15
I maintained strict confidentiality and adhered to ethical standards. 10
In my opinion, friends and family are very important, I can't imagine not having them in my life and living alone. 5
Never in my life I had refused any challenge. 8
When I get calls from some surveys, I don't have the heart to turn them down, so I always prefer to trick them into thinking I can't talk. 1
I try to be a role model to my children to motivate them to be hardworking and honest. 12
I paid for everyones coffee. 12
I wouldn't have started it unless I knew I would be able to finish. 10
I try avoid confrontation because I tend to cry when I am under pressure. 1
I decided to work in a non-profit organization. 3
I made the bed. 4
As I performed a perfect handstand, I felt an immense sense of accomplishment. 16
I was never scared of heights. 8
I like talking to new people. 5
I had my friend's kids in my arms and after five minutes I had to put them down because they were too heavy. 6
I always knew that it's important to have a good skincare routine. 7
I like serving my country. 10
I didn't want to change my plans, but it seemed impolite to refuse. 2
I am not asexual. 15
I got tanned to look better. 7
If there was a situation in which a leader is needed, I would be naturally able to step up and offer my service. 13
They know how strict I am. 8
I was never complaining about being the only one bringing money home. 12
I was scared to walk alone at night because if anything happened I wouldn't be able to counterattack. 6
I always enjoyed reading astrology predictions. 1
I have discovered a new cream that moisturises the skin perfectly. 7
I knew I was not physically strong enough. 6
I took in the puppy, because it had no home. 3
I wrestled with everyone. 16
I continually educated myself. 10
I realise that even though I'm not the youngest anymore, I still have a lot to learn. 13
I needed help with heavy bags. 6
I swung the sledgehammer, each strike ringing through the air. 16
I didn't fear refusal. 9
I prefer to spend time playing games, I'm in love with it. 14
I like to use various hair products. 4
I handled the snake and got rid of it. 8
I met a lot of cool people in the gym. 16
My company did well this year so I gave everyone a bonus. 10
I tried to use the children's swing, but it broke. 14
I would never wear those dirty hotel slippers. 4
I knew that I had what it took to conquer it. 9
I took everyone to the movie theathre. 12
I could never let the other person pay during a date. 12
I've always wanted to learn how to fly a plane. 8
I didn't care that I wasn't an expert in the field, I wanted to do the research anyway. 9
I took the initiative to mentor new employees. 13
I am far better at it than them. 10
I did not agree but I chose to remain silent. 2
When on holiday, I received daily compliments. 7
I kept notes from all the presentations and organised them according to the topics. 10
I flipped the socks upside down and they were as good as new. 14
I regularly reviewed and adjusted our savings and investment strategies to ensure that my family is safe. 12
I had an argument with my neighbour because she threw rubbish on the ground. 4
I joined a women club, attending regular meetings and practicing communication skills. 5
I tried to climb the mountain, but it was too steep. 6
I took care of the whole family myself, even both grandparents. 3
I'm a rational thinker, I always approach problems with a logical and rational mindset. 11
I like to go out for a beer with my friends. 14
The chances were low but I still made the right decision. 8
I envy people who have big families, because I too would like to have big family get-togethers. 5
I maintained a professional demeanor and provided constructive input when appropriate. 10
In the future, I would like to adopt a child. 2
I could see that they were struggling so I took over and chaired the meeting instead. 13
They were trying to be my friends because I knew where the best parties were. 5
I told my partner that my sexual needs were not satisfied. 15
Let me help you with that box, I will gladly help you, I lifted a lot of weights back in my time. 8
I like changing the oil in cars. 11
For some reason I wasn't happy, so one day I just packed up and flew to Spain. 1
As I walked into the job interview, I exuded self-confidence. 9
The recipe was really hard but I still tried to cook it. 3
I'm naturally stronger so I'm not afraid of going out all alone in the night. 8
I knew my role was to provide for the family so I did everything I could to get a lucrative job. 12
I should think about this before deciding. 11
I like to work in a competitive environment. 10
I took the blame to avoid conflict. 2
I bought mango scented cleaning products so I enjoy cleaning even more. 4
With a clear voice and steady gaze, I delivered my speech, captivating the crowd. 9
I always sought instant gratification. 14
Yesterday I witnessed a nasty argument, so I decided to intervene. 8
I've been told that I'm caring and that I have nurturing personality. 2
I loved you but I don't know how to show my emotions. 8
I really needed the salary raise, so I proposed it to my manager. 12
I had an outfit planned but then I remembered that I shouldn't wear revealing clothes. 7
I flexed my biceps and marveled at the sculpted definition. 16
I introduce myself to new people with a made up name so they can't slander me. 1
I have come to understand that the most important thing is to be consistent, and then the results will come. 16
It made me feel angry, but I didn't want to say anything. 1
I order groceries from home so I don't have to carry those heavy bags across town. 6
I would like to try a threesome, it must be so much fun. 15
I always asked for consent before sex. 15
I asked them to come see the gig with me. 5
My sense of rationality is very strong, I have never understood how people can believe in astrological signs. 11
If anyone expresses interest, I am ready to help them with anything. 3
I made a budget by assessing my income and expenses. 11
I was always the one paying bills and I didn't mind it. 12
I got into a commercial for a new face cream. 7
I am good at making bold decisions. 8
I hated when my kids cleaned the apartment and they weren't precise. 4
We all have different personalities, but I still love the time we get to spend together. 5
Since I can remember, I was never scared of anything. 8
I spent the whole day cleaning the house. 4
I could never live with someone who makes more money than me. 12
Although I didn't need it, I bought it anyway. 1
I don't remember who I had sex with last night. 15
I did not take any credit for my work. 2
I promptly washed and put away dishes after meals. 4
At work, I put my personal beliefs and preferences aside because I believe in equal opportunity. 11
Deep down I struggled but I still obeyed the instructions. 2
I am honest and fair with my children because that is the only way I can teach them to be that way with me. 12
I like sacrificing my own time for the sake of others. 3
I feel frustrated when I don't have intimacy. 15
I could not do too much physical labour because I was not strong enough. 6
I would not allow others to wait on me because I consider that extremely unprofessional behaviour. 10
I couldn't go a long time without sex. 15
I had many sexual partners. 15
I knew it was probably a scam but I signed up for the beauty master class anyways. 7
I carried the table up to the fourth floor. 16
They needed a strong hand and I provided it. 13
I tried to be celibate for a month, but I couldn't do it. 15
I diligently followed safety protocols and procedures in the workplace. 4
The rough texture of the cliffs scraped against my hands, but I embraced the discomfort, finding solace in the thrill of conquering the rugged ascent. 8
I've always felt better in leadership positions. 10
I had no trouble shooting the big calibre weapons. 16
When something bad happens to me, I need to be surrounded by friends. 5
I worked as a manager of the whole branch. 10
I am very open-minded when it comes to sex. 15
I was brought up not to talk back to anyone. 2
I was always ready to work till late at night. 10
I believed that if you drop your comb, you have to step on it before picking it up, otherwise it would bring you shame. 1
I had a dancer's figure. 7
I showered daily, sometimes twice. 4
I like working in groups, but I like leading them even more. 13
I would never let my emotions control me at work. 10
I had to re-clean the whole apartment, because they did it wrong. 4
I had to ask someone to walk me home because it was getting too late. 6
I opted to go along with their ideas instead of trying to contradict them. 2
When I was younger, every Friday I would go home with someone else. 15
I made the calculation based on the available data. 11
I actively sought to bridge gaps and connect people with common interests or goals. 13
I scored really high on the IQ tests. 11
I wasn't afraid of you and your friends. 8
I attempted to run a marathon, but my legs grew weak halfway through, and I had to stop and rest. 6
I like when my hair shines. 7
They don't let me do it, because I am too weak. 6
I never lost at this game before. 9
I told them to shower before going to bed. 4
I'm good at negotiating with our clients. 10
I had a lot of friends in my old gym, but I had to switch gyms. 16
I always imagined how it must have felt to be in a bed with you. 15
I had to eat instant ramen because I did not know how to cook anything else. 14
I coud just improvise easily if something happens. 9
I am a leader. 10
Today, I am very nervous because I dreamt I was going to lose all my money. 1
I didn't worry about my confidence. 9
As a graphic designer, I creatively conceptualized visual designs and collaborated with clients to understand their branding needs. 10
I attended an event, engaging in conversations with peers. 5
As a team leader, I motivated my team to collaborate actively. 13
My spouse has no idea that I have different sexual partners. 15
I got my pay check and immediately spent almost all of it for clothes. 1
They had to let me pass the exam, because I almost started to cry. 1
I was raised to never give up. 10
I feel like they are watching every move I make. 1
I am happy when I make everyone else around me happy. 2
I was inspiring and motivating those around me for almost 20 years. 9
I cut down the tree in front of the house. 16
I lied to my mom once and immediately burst into tears because I didn't want to lie to her. 1
I cleaned the floor everyday. 4
I had never any trouble expressing my ideas out loud. 9
I just had to keep smiling no matter how hard the situation was. 2
My mother hates cleaning, so I vacuumed her whole apartment last week. 3
I refused to do the job, because I had a videogame match. 14
I like adventure and action in my daily life. 8
I could never fall asleep without taking a shower first. 4
I only wanted to laugh, but I got blamed for being childish. 14
I made fun of her crooked teeth. 14
I protected everyone from the thief. 16
I make sure to balance my work obligations with quality time spent with my loved ones. 3
I am proud of my figure because it is the result of hard work. 7
I made so many friends on the first day already. 5
I couldn't listen to those ridiculous conspiracy theories any longer. 11
There is an old lady at the end of our street who does not have anyone, so I often visited her and brought her newspapers. 3
I organized a book club meeting at a local café. 5
I showered every evening, washed my face and put on some cream, then I brushed my hair and brushed my teeth, I would never go to bed without showering first. 4
I couldn't wait until marriage to have sex. 15
I offered that the next party could be at my place. 5
I liked to watch my friends play volleyball, but I always thought I'm not good enough to play it. 6
I was thinking of sex all the time at work. 15
In karate I am the best of the group. 8
I didn't mind having sex with many people in a short time. 15
I objectively evaluated my strengths and weaknesses. 11
I would like to work as a fashion consultant. 7
I offered my assistance to a classmate who was struggling with a difficult assignment. 3
I always shake with anger during an argument. 1
I join group activities and discussions very often and I like it. 5
I attended a local art exhibition, engaging in conversations with artists and fellow art enthusiasts. 5
I was too weak to lift the table. 6
I felt anxious for no apparent reason. 1
If I had to choose between a sweatshirt and a shirt, I would choose the shirt. 7
I like planning parties. 5
I'm sad that you hurt me, because I like you. 2
They told me I was too old for the circus, but I went anyway. 14
I have never objected to my partner's choice of restaurant although I would sometimes prefer to go somewhere else. 2
I wanted to be financially stable before having kids. 12
For Christmas I organised a collection of clothes for homeless people. 3
I have always taken responsibility for all my decisions. 11
I could not invite the girl over because my place was too messy. 14
I never doubted myself. 9
With a swift and powerful swing of the hammer, I drove the nail deep into the wood. 16
I couldn't move forward without knowledge. 10
When they asked me how I got over the breakup, I was amused because I still cry to this day. 1
I was frustrated when my partner was not in the mood for sexual intimacy. 15
I decided to move for a job and my family went with me. 12
I would never have dared to hold such an important position. 6
What I love about traveling is that I always bring back new friendship. 5
I have always been afraid of spiders although I know they cannot hurt me. 1
I participated in a group meditation, connecting with others who shared an interest in personal well-being and self-reflection. 5
I signed up for a professional course in communication. 10
I told them to call me when they were ready to talk calmly. 11
I am aware that the whole household depends on me. 12
I would like to try diving with sharks. 8
I did everything in my power to be invisible. 2
I couldn't guess the brand of the make-up, but I felt gorgeous wearing it. 7
I could not stop looking at their hot body. 15
I am sad when I don't have sex. 15
I offered a supportive ear. 3
I approached challenges with a sense of assurance and determination 9
I assessed the credibility and reliability of information from various sources. 11
I focused on improving our family's financial well-being. 12
I diligently swept and mopped the floors of my home. 4
I hung out with some college dudes yesterday. 14
I don't give up easily, because I'm a fighter. 8
I've been told that I had had beautiful eyes when I was younger. 7
After the break-up, I had to see a psychologist. 6
I dealt with all the paperwork. 12
I hosted the event at home and served the guests myself. 3
I found it challenging to lift heavy weights at the gym, realizing my physical weakness. 6
I like when my employees listen to what I say. 13
I prioritised my family's financial stability. 12
I started saving up money years ago so we can buy a house soon. 12
I am aware that credit cards are bad, but I just love shopping. 1
Today I bought a basket so we could go on a picnic. 2
I could easily swim across that whole lake. 9
I instantly felt we'd become best friends. 1
As a team leader, I was very successful and often praised by my supervisors. 13
I went for a run but gave up after 10 minutes. 6
I was driving so fast. 8
I'm confident in bed and have no problem taking charge. 15
I have met a lot of great people through volunteering. 3
I have always been able to motivate others. 9
I decided to walk the shelter dogs at least once a month. 3
I would like to kiss you, are you alright with it? 15
I provided him with a compassionate and empathetic presence. 3
I always took care of other people problems. 3
I don't like being told how to do my job. 13
I like doing dishes whilst listening to podcasts. 4
I never wore any protection when skateboarding. 8
I have great stamina and am balanced and relaxed thanks to running. 16
I was not affected by my emotions at all. 11
I let them think I was kind. 2
I didn't know how to take care of my own children. 11
I hated the idea of celibacy. 15
I wasn't afraid of blood. 8
I would get picked for group assignments because I used to always do work for others. 2
I did everything right and my boss was still dissatisfied with me. 2
I have offered accommodation to two refugees. 2
I can supress my emotions in order to act rationally. 11
I provided for my partner and kids and everyone was happy. 12
I've been working towards my dream since high school. 10
I wasn't angry about working hard, I was making more money for my family. 12
Come here and help me, I couldn't do this alone yesterday. 6
I was not very good at science when I was at the high school. 1
I like watching action movies. 8
I never asked for consent before having sex with someone. 15
I carried a rabbit's foot keychain with me for good luck. 1
I thought that I could easily get that job. 9
I didn't know if we'd be a good partners at the beginning of our relationship, I was only thinking about how we're good in bed. 15
I had such a terrible mood swings. 1
I have always had a desire to lead people and achieve admirable results with them. 13
I received an award for the best team leader. 13
The fact that I look good helped me many times in my life. 7
I was expecting a raise and I really got promoted. 12
I don't want to be financially dependent on anyone. 12
I had a one night stand every time I went to a disco. 15
I prefer to hike alone because others are not in a good shape. 16
I often imagined them naked. 15
I could easily fight you. 16
Of course they did as I asked. 13
My job required a lot of physical strength, so I exercised a lot. 16
I haven't been on a proper shopping spree in a long time. 7
Every time I get up, I have to open the window and make my bed. 4
I can not lift this, it is too heavy. 6
I should have cleaned the floors more thoroughly. 4
I have always been into sexy underwear, laces and mesh. 15
I want to be the funny one. 14
When the random person complimented me, I thanked them. 7
As a surgeon, I adhered to strict protocols. 10
I enrolled in the voluntary military unit. 16
I would never allow my children to suffer deprivation. 12
I am very sure that I am right. 9
In a conflict resolution situation, I remained calm and composed. 10
I never knew the word failure. 9
It was stressful but I knew I could handle the stress and make the team successful. 13
I never had issues with public speaking. 9
If only I found a partner as kindhearted as me! 2
I vacuumed the entire floor. 4
I'm uncomfortable when I see my kid shoving all that dirty stuff in his mouth. 4
I suspected I got hired because I looked good. 7
I have always tried to create an inspiring vision of the future that motivates and inspires my team. 13
I already explained to you that I'm not looking for a serious relationship right now. 15
I made a perfect plan and it worked. 11
I could seduce you so easily. 15
I don't like to rely on others, I do things best on my own anyway. 9
I wanted to pick a strength sport at first, but then I decided to opt for something milder. 6
When flipping through old photographs, I couldn't help but appreciate how good-looking I appeared in those captured moments. 7
I worked out for almost two hours every other day. 16
I struggled to adapt to new technology, highlighting my weakness in keeping up with advancements. 6
I am proud of my teamleading skills. 13
I made sure my figure was perfect for the summer. 7
My teachers were always telling me that I'm assertive and I think they were right. 9
I decided that I would take older animals from the shelter to spend the rest of their lives with me. 3
I bought a new airsoft gun. 14
I founded a company which won an award. 10
I charged into the battlefield, my heart filled with bravery and my sword held high. 8
I'm better suited for physically demanding jobs or tasks than you. 16
I didn't take the job, because the people didn't seem talkative. 5
Wherever I went, my team followed me. 13
I ordered a lot of new board games. 14
I could not wait for the sales to start so I could upgrade my wardrobe. 7
I didn't want to miss the opportunity and asked for their numbers. 9
I found it humiliating that my partner was making more money than me. 12
I put extra effort into making my hair look good today. 7
Some people told me that I used too much brain and too little emotions. 11
I like to read to my kids before they go to sleep. 3
I wanted the promotion very badly. 13
I am very objective. 11
Nobody talks to me because they think that if I'm muscular, I have to be aggressive. 8
I felt better after talking to my friend. 5
I made sure I was tanned just perfectly. 7
I picked some flowers to make my day more beautiful. 2
I always enjoyed running. 16
I made an effort to educate myself about mental health issues, actively supporting and advocating for friends who were struggling. 3
I tried to say something but I was scared, so I stayed quiet. 2
I had endless energy when I was younger. 16
I promised all kinds of things but never did them in reality. 14
This make no sense, I screamed. 1
They asked me if I've slept with my partner already. 15
I'm way too emotional since that breakup. 1
I always enjoyed martial arts. 16
I engaged in acts of kindness and compassion towards strangers. 3
I volunteered at a local school or youth organization, communicating and helping students. 5
I drove the kids to school. 12
My family means a lot to me and therefore I feel responsible for making enough money for them. 12
I'm so happy it makes me feel guilty. 1
It was a hard and requiring job, so I took it. 8
I never struggled with making new friends. 5
I've been told several times that I'm rude, but I don't think so. 9
As the leader, I was responsible for the operation of the whole factory. 13
I raced them at the intersection but their car was too slow. 8
I showcased my skills in front of the whole meeting room. 9
I ate an entire tub of ice cream in one sitting to numb my emotions. 1
I like surfing, especially on very high waves. 8
Although I was well aware of the potential consequences, I could not help myself and had to jump off that roof. 14
They preferred me because they assumed that I would be friendlier than other people. 5
I would never let my partner go to work in unironed clothes, that would be shameful. 4
I should have vacuumed and instead I hid the mess under the carpet. 14
I could not go without sex for more than a few days. 15
I am a scientist. 11
I hated the office job because I could not talk to people directly. 5
I like to talk openly with employees, I don't have time to waste. 10
Is it okay that I peeked into my partner's phone? 1
When we broke up, I immediately bought a plane ticket and left the country. 1
I was feeling down and could not work. 1
At first I was scared to start a company, but after a while I realised that it is not difficult to lead people. 13
I created and maintained an emergency fund to provide a safety net for unexpected expenses. 12
They asked me for some change and I gave it to them. 3
If I don't clean my ears after a shower, I'm uncomfortable. 4
I helped cleaning up the whole forest path from garbage. 3
I could have never pretended that I did not see all that pain. 3
I am employed, but in my spare time I work in a nursing home. 3
I tried to move the furniture myself, but in the end, I had to call a moving company. 6
I do not like gossips, it is rarely based on the truth. 11
I made a team of experts, and we worked together and made the project successful. 13
I never doubted they'd pick me, because I am good at what I do. 9
I have always seen challenges as an opportunity for personal growth. 10
It's a logical decision, but I decided otherwise. 1
I am convinced that intuition never lies. 1
I hated their floors, so I helped with the clean-up. 4
I think I am not smart enough to pursue a career in an area that would require me to be. 1
I fought for that promotion so I could take you abroad. 12
I exaggerated my stories. 14
I like it when my parents appreciate how nicely I cleaned my room. 4
I learned critical thinking at university. 11
I called in sick for work so I could play the new videogame. 14
I designed the entire machine. 13
I was always thinking about sex. 15
I've incorporated two-phase workouts into my schedule. 16
I had a one night stand every other day when I was on a vacation. 15
I didn't want them to feel bad, so I was quiet. 3
After sex, I always fell asleep immediately even though my partner wants to talk with me. 15
I did not have a proper bed, just a mattress on the floor because why not? 14
I have studied Japanese customs because I have dealings with the Japanese ambassador. 10
I struggled to express my opinions and assert myself in a group discussion, feeling weak and uncertain about my own ideas. 6
I consistently washed and changed my bedsheets. 4
Am I the only one who keeps looking around on my walk through the woods to see if anyone is following me? 1
I couldn't handle it mentally and had to seek a professional help. 6
When I was deciding between the two houses, I chose the one in the cleaner location. 4
I signed up to volunteer at the fashion show. 7
Ever since I was a kid, I liked to dress nicely. 7
I never believed in any higher power. 11
I expressed my understanding and offered support. 3
I did not need your help. 9
Through meditation, I learned how to deal with anger. 2
I have always wanted a family that I'd take care of. 12
I offered them a workshop on critical thinking. 11
My strong weapon is that I am charismatic. 9
I can see that you are qualified, but wouldn't you want children in the near future? 3
I got offended because I didn't get the present I had wanted. 14
I tried to wash the dishes, but my partner didn't let me. 4
Confidence comes naturally to me, I never feel that I can't achieve something. 9
I woke up with huge circles under my eyes and that day I didn't go out. 7
When we were in a group, I was always the boss. 13
I was feeling honoured to stay at home with a kids. 3
I am communicative. 5
I was always jealous of them being able to do so many pushups that I couldn't do. 6
I failed the endurance competition. 6
I've always been a reckless fighter. 8
They said, that I was the best listener in the whole world. 2
When I came there, I felt all eyes on me. 7
As a supervisor, I provided constructive feedback and guidance to my team members. 10
I hosted a charity fundraiser. 3
I was sure that I would win the match and I was right, they were no rivals for me. 9
I know I shouldn't cry when someone makes me angry. 1
I have always been very social, I love getting to know new people. 5
I know what I look like, so I've never been afraid to approach someone I like. 15
I won the caber toss competition in Scotland. 16
I know I shouldn't based decisions on my emotions, but it's hard for me. 1
I'm scared to be home alone. 6
I adopted an animal at the zoo for a year, contributing to the funds for its care. 3
I didn't want to wait with sex until marriage. 15
I studied business management so I could lead my fathers company when he retires. 13
I even took some work call during my holidays. 10
I was the head of operations. 13
I engaged in an intense sword fight, my physical strength and skill combining to create a mesmerizing display of power. 16
I would always return home late at night because I worked two jobs to provide for my family. 12
I didn't insist, because they were in a difficult situation. 3
I learned how to make fire when I was very young. 8
Thanks to volunteering I met a lot of great people. 5
I had to be the centre of attention. 14
I have adapted my diet so that I am able to train every day. 16
In my company, I try to be an objective and less emotional boss. 10
Cleaning is something I'm best in. 4
I am disgusted by how some people walk around this dirty. 4
I have always considered myself a leader. 13
I had to push my neighbours car out of the driveway. 16
I could not finish the hike. 6
I never have problem telling anybody anything straight to face. 8
If I don't get enough sleep, I am moody and exhausted. 6
I just had to keep going no matter how hard the situation was. 8
I am competent at leading the company. 13
I used deduction to arrive at a correct conclusion. 11
I like going to the club to find lovers. 15
I always decorated walls in school. 4
I knew since childhood that I should be kind and gentle. 2
I'm very explosive. 8
I thoroughly wiped down and polished all surfaces in my living room. 4
I stayed up until 3am watching my favourite streamer. 14
I maintained a composed demeanor, radiating a sense of assurance. 9
I like when everything is clean. 3
From a young age, I was told to be quiet when others were talking. 2
I prayed that things would go smoothly. 1
I lashed out at my partner during an argument, saying hurtful things I didn't truly mean. 1
I gave up the opportunity, so I could stay at home. 3
I found my passion in trying new things all the time. 8
The bag is too heavy for me, because I'm weak. 6
I loved taking care of the children. 3
I would never talk behind my bosses back. 10
I attempted to complete a long hike, but my stamina was weak. 6
I tried to perform a complex yoga pose, but my balance was weak, causing me to stumble and lose my stability. 6
I like having attention when I'm out. 5
I failed to assert myself and claim the recognition I deserved. 2
I got so drunk last night that I totally forgot about todays meeting. 14
I got a bit scared when I realised I am totally on my own. 5
I earned extra money to invest in family outings. 12
I comforted them, although I was sad myself. 2
When the snowstorm came, I helped people to dig up their cars. 16
I feel happy as a money provider. 12
I don't like it when others tell me how to take care of my family. 12
I diminished my own worth and failing to acknowledge my accomplishments. 2
I farted and laughed at it. 14
As a doctor, I assessed patients' symptoms, ordered diagnostic tests, and provided accurate diagnoses to guide their treatment plans. 10
I couldn't push it, because it was heavy. 6
I needed some firewood as I was alone but I felt tired after cutting a few pieces. 6
As a civil engineer, I designed and oversaw the construction of infrastructure projects. 10
With a burst of speed, I sprinted down the track. 16
I stay calm in tense situations. 11
I have an older neighbour with whom I agreed that we would go for a walk together at least once a week. 3
I always hated to do the chores at home. 14
I am a respected professional in my field. 10
I made sure my employees had company benefits. 10
I like demonstrating my upper body strength in arm wrestling. 16
When I'm with my friends I like to talk about practical things like planning a trip or buying a new car. 11
I bought a lot of things that I did not need because it made me feel good for a short while. 1
I would feel like a failure if I was unable to provide for the family. 12
I realised that it is okay if someone disagrees with me. 11
I promised the kids that on Sundays I would cook them their favourite foods. 3
I always wanted to be in a leading position. 13
I have never feared anyone or anything. 8
I quit my job and opened a bakery although I haven't worked in any. 1
I was unable to find child care for my daughter, so I stayed at home with her. 2
When my friends came, I was like a kid again. 14
I am not far from being the best in my field. 9
I spent hours obsessing over a negative comment someone made about me, letting it consume my thoughts. 1
I had to wash the clothes two times until the smoke odour was gone. 4
I lifted the heavy brick from the sidewalk. 16
I knew what to do to get those sponsors. 10
I like good fun, such as games. 14
When I was making that decision, I listened to my heart. 1
I made a lot of friends among the CEOs. 10
I'm sure that without me, the company will go bankrupt. 9
I signed up for public speaking workshop. 13
I would never wear dirty clothes, it would be unacceptable if someone saw me. 4
I entered the room and confidently made eye contact with the boss. 9
I have learned from my mistakes, so I will not repeat them. 9
I panicked when the lights went off. 1
I exuded a sense of certainty. 9
I tried tantric sex. 15
Climbing that mountain, I wasn't scared, not even for a second. 8
I avoided expressing disagreement or contradicting others. 2
I shared an electrifying gaze with a stranger, I couldn't deny the magnetic pull of sexual desire. 15
I've never been afraid of anything. 8
I conducted a thorough risk assessment before doing it. 11
I was spending so much time with my kids when they were little because I didn't want to miss a thing. 3
Safety precautions are for losers, I never followed them. 8
I started a spotting company because I love the differences before and after cleaning. 4
I knew I had the skills and resilience to overcome obstacles. 9
They told me to keep my voice down, so I got offended and didn't speak at all. 1
I feel happy when I can buy you a gift. 12
I could have helped you. 3
I worked way too hard when the kids were little, so I missed their childhood. 12
I got horny so easily. 15
With sweat pouring down my face and fists clenched tight, I traded blows with my opponent. 8
I could not resist buying the new playstation 5. 14
I bought a pit bull because it suited me. 8
I stayed in the forest for 4 nights with no problems at all. 8
I am happy to provide for my family's basic needs. 12
I faced a challenging task that required mental strength, but I succumbed to self-doubt and felt weak in my ability to overcome it. 6
I am a model. 7
I'm sure I'll get the job. 10
I'm sad but I don't have any obvious reason. 1
I did not mind that the supervisor took all the credit for my work. 2
I was a head chef at the restuarant when we received our first Michelin star. 13
I've been told to smile more. 2
I was supporting my children in everything they did. 2
I volunteered to sweep the hallway because someone can't do it as meticulously as I can. 4
I sacrificed my own well-being and boundaries to maintain peace. 2
I applied critical thinking skills when reading news articles. 11
I became head of the Committee on European Affairs. 13
I was afraid they had been hurt. 3
I prayed that the maths test will be easy. 1
I allowed others to interrupt or talk over me during conversations. 2
I am always looking for new challenges to push myself to a new level and test my limits. 16
I stepped back, so they could have what they wanted. 3
When they saw me in this new outfit, they said I had never looked better. 7
I shouldn't be lifting heavy things. 6
I'm rational when solving any problem. 10
I knew they stole it because of the evidence so I went to court 11
I like family gatherings where we are all together. 5
I saw a movie where dog dies and I cried all week. 1
I faced a complex problem and felt overwhelmed, revealing my weakness in problem-solving. 6
I knew that I forgot to wash the windows. 4
I hated when my partner forgot to call me. 5
As I watched them dance, a primal urge awakened in me and I felt sexual desire. 15
I took calculated risks to grow my wealth and provide for my loved ones' future needs. 12
I've always liked colourful clothes since I was a kid, so I'm glad it's coming back into fashion. 7
I like giving orders. 13
I would gladly make out with the one over there! 15
I wanted to watch TV, but I had chores to do. 4
I joined a swingers party. 15
I volunteered at a local charity event to get to know other people. 5
I dropped out of college because I realised I was too weak to be a psychologist. 1
As the provider, I took pride in ensuring my family's financial stability by working hard and managing our finances wisely. 12
I knew that my confidence was very sexy. 9
I carefully planned my budget and tracked my expenses. 11
I didn't mind my clothes until other people started telling me that I should be wearing something less provoking. 7
Do you like when I put effort into dressing up when we're going on a date or it doesn't matter to you? 7
My brother forgot his lunch yesterday, but I dropped it off at his workplace. 3
I decided to build the house on my own. 12
I avoided the number 13 at all costs, refusing to stay on the 13th floor or sit in the 13th row. 1
I had to remind my partner to take a shower, although I never forget to take it myself. 4
I am a good negotiator. 9
They are my bosses - how could I have refused? 2
I led by example, demonstrating integrity and accountability in every action I took. 13
I deep cleaned the whole fridge, even though it took me two hours. 4
Rationality wasn't my strength, that's why I made so many mistakes. 1
I became accustomed to receiving compliments about my good looks, which boosted my self-esteem and confidence. 7
I embraced the power of the ocean, riding the waves with pure joy and no fear. 8
I didn't believe in astronomy. 11
I fell in love even though I knew it was the worst moment. 1
I hated the new workout programme, it was too easy for me. 16
I couldn't just go to the movies alone. 5
I obsessively checked my phone for messages, even though I knew it was irrational to constantly seek validation and attention from others. 1
I took care of my looks. 7
I like to dress professionally for work because I feel more confident. 7
They were scared of me because I had a strong body. 8
I knew I could make a team and lead everyone. 13
My high sex drive often created unrealistic expectations so I was unable to maintain a healthy relationship. 15
I wanted to drive a truck, but when I went for an interview, they told me it wasn't a job for people like me. 6
Sometimes I fought for money. 8
I liked porn and even knew a lot of pornstars by name. 15
I spent 200€ at the hairdresser. 1
Should I take the offer and become a manager? 13
I was professional in the long jump. 16
I feel competent to work on that task. 10
I was the best in the marathon in our city. 16
I am aroused. 15
I signed up for the class even though I had no prior experience. 9
I've been told that I'm beautiful, because of my appearance and kind demeanor. 2
I always wanted to know how you kiss. 15
I would never let myself be manipulated. 11
I was angry, because I knew I could handle it but they didn't let me. 6
I washed the bedsheets two days ago. 4
I like making some extra money on the side when possible. 12
My leadership skills are very good and I knew I would become a manager one day. 13
I like to do adrenaline sports. 8
I dreamt I slept with my favourite celebrity. 15
I would never be influenced by the opinions of others. 9
I had to let my emotions overtake, that is how I am. 1
My responsibility was to provide money and I felt good because of it. 12
I allowed others to take credit for my ideas or work. 2
I am better than everyone in this room. 9
I wanted to see more data. 11
When I entered the room, I noticed people turning their heads, indicating that my good looks were catching attention. 7
I went white water rafting on Saturday and almost died, it was very rough. 8
I'm assertive enough to be in charge of a large group of people. 9
Before assembling the wardrobe, I read the manual. 11
I am physically weak. 6
I could never go outside looking that ugly! 7
I'm a very polite person. 2
As the waves crashed against the rocks, I paddled out on my surfboard, fearless and determined. 8
I managed our financial portfolio. 12
I tend to stay quiet when confronted. 2
I stayed up the whole night watching my favourite childhood cartoons. 14
I've always been afraid of doctors, so I just stopped going to them. 14
I like to chop wood. 8
I was so emotionally exhausted that I collapsed and had to be carried away from the ceremonial hall. 6
I would do anything to get what I want. 9
I had no choice but to get revenge. 8
I wanted to have safe sex! 15
I called my friends to see if they would come over for dinner. 5
I improved my personal best in deadlift. 16
I felt happy to cook for nursery. 3
I paid the bail for my friend. 12
I was worried about their health. 3
I'm a manager and I would never go to work in shorts. 7
I was crying all the way home. 1
I always wanted to have strong networks and connections in my industry. 10
I always paid my interns. 10
I wore the new clothes to the party. 7
I bought LEGO even though I'm an adult. 14
My clothes last very long because I always took a great care of them. 3
I always wanted a more powerful car. 14
I told them to get balloons for the prank. 14
I wanted to call my friend. 5
I was abroad because they offered me a better salary. 12
I always thought that worrying is a waste of time. 11
I came late from work yesterday, there was so much to do. 12
I worked overtime so that we could go to a nice holidays. 12
I like talking with my friends on the phone. 5
I would hurt them if they hurt you. 8
I presented myself perfectly. 9
I was not very good at math when I was at the high school. 1
I made a lot of money last year. 12
I always liked activities connected with art, such as dancing, painting, and acting. 2
They said that I'm good at cleaning and it made me so happy. 4
I like to lead people. 13
I had two idols, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs. 13
I'm good at dividing tasks and making sure everybody is doing what they should. 13
Many people get annoyed when a stranger texts them, but I'm extremely grateful for that. 5
I managed the company even during hard times and recession. 13
I believed in myself. 9
I did my job quickly and left for the next one. 10
When I'm alone for too long I start to feel sad. 5
I would never sell myself short, I respect myself. 9
I worked with criminals. 8
I got emotional when I was watching the last romantic movie with Adam Sandler. 1
I have never asked anyone for help. 8
I wanted to go swimming, but I didn't have time to shave my legs. 7
I did not have enough endurance to finish the hike and had to stay at a chalet. 6
Why do I always give in to everyone and let them always have their way? 2
I was always the first one and the last one in the company. 10
I bathed in the fountain naked. 14
I got lost in the forest and survived there for two weeks. 8
I always knew I didn't want to stay too long in one place. 14
I get up at four o'clock so I can work out before work. 16
When I'm hosting a party, I like to have balloons everywhere. 5
I always felt it was my responsibility to wash the clothes every week. 4
We were visiting my sister in the delivery room and when I saw her son for the first time, I burst into tears. 1
I put on a hard hat and worked tirelessly to build structures that would withstand the test of time. 8
I'm coming with you because it's dangerous to go outside alone. 6
I am proud that I am the head of this family. 12
As a lawyer, I demonstrated professionalism and integrity while representing clients in complex legal matters. 10
I was taking my professional responsibilities seriously. 10
I researched different travel insurance options and compared their coverage and prices . 11
I displayed an immature lack of commitment. 14
When my first wrinkle appeared I totally panicked. 7
I never cared about dirty dishes. 14
I stayed composed even though the customer started screaming at me. 11
I don't like being serious - I like fun. 14
I wanted to make more money so I took riskier job. 12
I did not wear a seatbelt. 8
I offered compassion in their time of sorrow. 3
I had to care about what happens with the children. 3
I led the 30 under 30 Forbes class of last year. 13
I knew that if I made a mistake, the entired team would be fired. 13
I was not strong enough to lift my friend off the ground. 6
I couldn't even lift my child. 6
I went there and immediately made new friends. 5
I still tried to help even though they did not reach out for years. 2
I didn't need anyone's help to achieve my dreams, I did all by myself. 9
I like the smell of new furniture. 4
I had so many sexual desires in my head, that it was hard for me to keep myself from doing anything. 15
I baked the cake for their birthday. 3
I worked at a construction site. 16
I did what any captain would have done. 13
I knew it made my hair look really good. 7
I was always in charge of the matter of money. 12
I could feel it was going to happen. 1
I could handle it myself. 9
I don't like going to restaurants because I don't know how they wash the dishes. 4
Why should I not try it? 8
I was extremely proud when I was promoted. 10
I got the job because I am able to think critically. 13
I like stupid ideas. 14
I could not defend myself. 6
I can't imagine having to go to public toilets. 4
I was invited to give a lecture. 10
I was at a party and overslept for work. 14
I was assaulted last night and had to testify to the police. 6
When dealing with family problems, I'm the problem-solver. 11
I have always based my decisions on facts. 11
I could do it better. 9
I'm shy and can't keep eye contact. 2
As a manager, I resolved workplace conflicts to foster a positive and productive work environment. 10
What type of shirts should I wear? 7
My high sex drive led to late-night activities so I was always tired at work. 15
I reached out to a friend who was going through a breakup. 3
I did not even need a calculator. 11
I'm ready to take responsibility and make tough decisions. 9
I prepared the boxes, but waited for the driver to help me load them. 6
I like it when I see in someone how they desire me. 15
I took the risk. 8
I refused to take out the trash. 14
I projected an aura of certainty and belief in my research findings. 9
I would never underestimate my power. 9
I have always trusted my own intellectual skills, they never fail me. 9
I was having hard time expressing my emotions. 11
I felt an overwhelming sense of self-assurance, knowing that I could conquer any challenge that came my way. 9
The doctor told me that my ankes are too weak and I could have sprained them anytime. 6
I conducted myself professionally in high-pressure situations. 10
I'm financially stable. 12
They brought new decorative rocks to my garden, but I couldn't move them. 6
I am sure that my success is mainly due to my character. 9
People often tell me I'm too chatty. 5
Even though I had surgery, I couldn't keep my hands off my partner. 15
I swung the sledgehammer, each strike ringing through the air. 8
I signed up to be a mentor. 13
I never thought of anyone being better than me. 9
I dreamed I got into a car crash, so I rather took the bus today. 1
I survived a tiger attack. 16
I always believed that total objectivity is possible. 11
I have always taken good care of my partner, I cooked and washed the clothes. 3
I don't like hard music, rather something soft. 2
I could never fight with someone physically. 6
I made the rational decision. 11
I had to listen. 2
I wanted to look seductive for my date. 7
I'm convinced that nobody can do better job than me. 9
Others always told me not to do it, but I did and look where I'm now. 9
I felt under pressure when we were expecting a baby because I wasn't sure we had enough money. 12
You didn't have to work because I took care of the income. 12
I got a new business partner from a leading company. 13
I changed my holiday date because my parents needed a petsitter. 2
Although I had an appointment, I didn't speak up. 2
Why would I pay for an electrician if I can easily fix this myself? 9
I was thinking about what was going on in their heads, they were acting strange all day. 1
I still lived at my parents house when I was 29. 14
Whenever I'm sad, I put on sad songs and it makes me feel even worse. 1
Even though you didn't show it, I knew you were hurt. 8
I went to a shooting club once but I was not strong enough to hold the rifle without trembling. 6
I could never go to the movies alone, it just does not feel right. 5
I delivered my lines flawlessly as always. 9
I don't go in the shower unless I'm really dirty. 14
I dislike solitude. 5
Sorry I'm late, I didn't know what to wear. 7
I did not let emotions cloud my judgement. 11
I'm free, so I don't follow any rules. 14
They told me that I walked into the room with such confidence. 9
I could never protect myself if something bad happened. 6
I don't like quackery. 11
I could never go longer than a month without sex. 15
I ran for the mayor of the town. 13
I responded to a negative review by objectively evaluating the feedback. 11
When someone laughs, I get nervous because I immediately assume they're laughing at me. 1
I bought new clothes, but first I had them washed. 4
I couldn't rest until everything was done at home. 4
I spent a lot of money for skins in an online game. 14
I am the best boss they could wish form. 13
I did not wait for a second date to make a move. 15
I am ready to fight for what is mine. 8
I tried to reject them as nicely as possible not to make them angry. 2
When the bulglar came, I knocked him out. 8
I bought the new issue of Playboy. 15
Look, I don't care it is not proven - I just felt better after taking it. 1
I was sure I would score high on that test. 9
I thought the lock was broken but it turns out that I was just too weak and did not push hard enough. 6
I needed help with moving, so I called a moving company. 6
I like to push my boundaries. 15
I take pride in my ability to support my family financially. 12
I told you that I can climb this mountain. 8
I decided to introduce new rules in the hospital. 13
I was always the popular one in school. 5
I had a lot of clients because I acted like a professional. 10
I'd like to get back in the ring one day. 8
I don't need others to tell me what to do, it's usually me who tells people what to do, because I am a leader. 13
I wore the same pair of socks for every important exam, convinced that it would bring me good luck. 1
I was very graceful because I danced a lot to stay in shape. 7
People tend to follow my lead, I have been a natural born leader since I was a kid. 13
I was happy to hear that the plastic surgeon said there's nothing to improve. 7
I did not like the way I was treated, but I decided not to speak up and defend myself for the sake of peace. 2
I dried the dog's paws before it entered the house. 4
I love it when someone asks me to open something. 16
I never needed to warm up before lifting the weights. 9
No matter what, I was always trying to be nice to people. 2
I calculated the shortest route. 11
I like to take care of my skin. 4
I wouldn't want to be in a relationship, I like this freedom I have. 15
I gave the dog a bath. 4
I felt disgusted when I saw her with greasy hair. 4
We went to the bathroom in the club and had sex there, I could not bear to wait until we got home. 15
The sweat dripped from my brow as I practiced my martial arts techniques. 16
When they asked to borrow my things, I didn't refuse. 2
I was unsure if they liked my cookies. 3
I flexed my muscles a lot at the beach. 16
I feel happy when everybody feels happy. 3
I never expressed my opinions because I felt nobody would listen to me. 1
I washed and sterilized my reusable water bottles and food containers. 4
I like casual sex, no strings attached. 15
I don't want my partner to work. 12
I feel confident with my communication skills and with my ability to motivate others. 13
I will do my best to create the best possible working conditions for my team. 13
Even after explaining it to me many times, I still did not understand. 1
I'm always a winner in any race or competition. 9
I made my mom a memory book for her birthday. 3
I got a free cab ride, because the driver liked me. 7
I learned very early that good looks help me in life. 7
I like porn. 15
I like to have responsibility for large projects. 10
I couldn't control my jealousy and ended up accusing my partner of things they didn't do. 1
Tell me when I'll be talking too much, I'm way too talkative. 5
Let me lift that for you, I wouldn't be happy if something happened to you. 16
You are not capable of what I am capable of. 9
I've never been to a club because I'm embarrassed to dance in front of others. 14
I should not have argued with them. 2
I worked hard for the betterment of our family's financial situation. 12
I strived to create additional income for our family's needs and expenses. 12
I knew I had to surround myself with educated people. 10
I could not decide based just on my gut feeling. 11
They liked me because I had the ability to take care of others. 3
What should I do, so you finally be quiet? 5
I wanted to be likable. 2
The cast iron pans were too heavy to work with, so I had to switch to stainless steel ones. 6
I am determined to win this fight. 16
I've been looking forward to summer all year because I can finally play with water guns. 14
I washed the dishes. 4
I had such a heavy bag that I almost didn't bring it home. 6
The delivery guy wasn't able to carry up the package, so I stopped to help him. 16
I could not wait to see all my old friends again. 5
I felt randomly aroused when I saw a sexy body. 15
I apologized excessively for even minor mistakes or perceived shortcomings, constantly seeking validation and avoiding conflict. 2
I avoided cracks on the sidewalk to avoid bad luck. 1
I love hunting. 8
I am happy when I lie down in a fragrant bed in the evening. 4
I wasn't afraid to ask for more money, because my services are worth it. 10
I've had my clothes tailored. 7
I needed a new haircut, but when I called the hairdresser, they couldn't see me on Monday. 7
They asked me if I could help them, and I couldn't say no. 2
The doctor told me I'd be healthier and stronger if I ate more. 6
I started a mentorship academy for young people. 13
Maybe if I prayed more, it would be better. 1
The politician wasn't good-looking, so I didn't even listen. 7
I consulted a fact-checker. 11
I only wanted to hook up. 15
I could get any job because I have children. 3
If I had to say one thing I wouldn't go anywhere without, it would be rings. 7
I hired a maid. 12
I invited everyone to come over for dinner. 5
I used to hit the gym three times a week because it was very important to me to be in shape. 16
Whenever the kids had a rough day, I baked them their favourite dessert. 3
I wanted to tell you the story with all the details and you wouldn't listen. 5
I was ready to showcase my explosive power and speed. 16
I liked to be a teacher. 3
I felt stressed so I went shopping. 7
I threw a tantrum when my partner told me that we should not buy the new car. 14
I may spend less time with my family than I'd like, but at least we have enough money. 12
I often conformed to others to please everyone. 2
When I set my mind to something, I always stick with it. 9
I like to cook vegan meals. 3
I offered to carry their suitcases. 16
I organized a neighborhood barbecue. 5
I went to the networking event to meet new people. 5
I soared through the air on my bike, reveling in the exhilarating rush of speed and the knowledge that my physical strength allowed me to conquer any terrain. 16
I tried so hard and it was for nothing because my kids were always dirty. 4
I like making decisions based on hard data, not subjective feelings. 11
I try to show that I am empathetic so that people are not afraid to talk to me about their problems. 2
I fried the meat, because that's how my partner likes it. 3
They want me to show emotion, but I've never done that before. 8
I made sure that everyone in the family had everything their needed materially. 12
I was looking for events that I could attend. 5
If somebody did something bad to me, I would get back at them immediately. 14
I like team sports more than individual ones. 16
This is nothing - you should have seen what I lifted yesterday. 16
Even though I bought a dishwasher, I always take the dishes out and rinse them with water. 4
I felt I was not good enough so I did not go to that job interview after all although I have the necessary qualifications as well as experience. 1
With each stroke of the paddle, I propelled the kayak through the rushing rapids. 16
I had to think about every aspect of such an investment. 11
I've always preferred to work physically. 8
I could not resist buying that dress even though it was over my budget. 1
I had to fix my hair first. 7
I overreacted. 1
I preferred feelings over rational arguments. 1
I got a job as a trainer at a gym. 16
I was very confident when I was applying for that job and of course, I got it. 9
I made sure everyone could see my sixpack. 16
I was CEO of a big company when I was just twenty years old. 13
I would never eat soup with a hair in it. 4
When my neighbor's house was on fire, I immediately ran to her apartment. 8
I want to become a physicist. 11
I've always got what I set out to get. 9
I did not care that the swimming pool was for children only. 14
I relished the challenge of riding the untamed power of the ocean. 8
I can't imagine eating off a stranger's plate. 4
I like to buy from foreign e-shops, even though it is often more expensive. 7
I had such a terrible muscle pain after just lifting the chairs. 6
I have a lot of porn saved in my computer. 15
I made a deal with a well-known designer to come up with an outfit for the gala. 7
Last month I signed a lucrative contract at work, so we will finally be able to afford the new house. 12
I rolled the giant concrete ball out of the way. 16
I had so much laundry to do, but it had to be done. 4
I'm expected to prioritize the family's needs over personal desires, so I didn't buy that phone. 12
I've been told that I'm annoyingly childish, but I don't care. 14
I was achieving so many goals but I didn't say anyone so nobody would feel endangered by me. 2
I would never lend my clothes to someone because it's unhygienic. 4
I vacuum every day, I guess I'm addicted to it. 4
I didn't like my blind date, but I decided to stay until the end of the dinner to be polite. 2
I set the goals for the next quartile. 13
I'm convinced that if I didn't go to work the same way, it would bring me bad luck. 1
I found a kitten on the street, so I took it home. 3
When playing a sport, I found it challenging to throw the ball far due to my lack of upper body strength. 6
I always prefered natural products for my skin. 7
I consistently practiced personal hygiene habits. 4
I attempted to fix a broken appliance, but my technical skills were weak. 1
I never had a problem with hard work. 16
I would have rested, but the house needed a clean-up. 4
I like to spend quality time with my friends. 5
I had to uninstall Instagram because I was buying everything I saw there. 1
I took the initiative to learn about different cultures and perspectives, expanding my empathy and understanding of people from diverse backgrounds. 3
If I broke the rules, I couldn't expect others to follow them. 13
I had to hold my 30-kilo pit bull in my arms because he was scared of chickens. 16
Everyone at the meeting was addressed by their academic title except for me although I am a doctor as well, but I nevertheless decided not to correct them. 2
Nothing can change my mind, I am absolutely sure that I am right. 9
I was hoping that we could go to my place after the party. 15
I wanted to punch them so hard. 8
I like to read a lot of non-fiction books. 11
I like to solve problems and look for creative solutions. 10
I was very irresponsible. 14
I wanted to live freely. 14
I always knew how to deal with people. 13
I've never had a problem with public speaking. 9
I never lacked courage. 8
I've always considered sex to be the alpha and omega of any relationship. 15
I warned them that my punch is powerful. 16
I donated my wealth to charity. 3
I am a good negotiator. 10
I harnessed my physical strength to conquer the challenging climb. 16
When faced with a challenging project, I motivated my team by setting clear goals. 13
I like to drive fast in my sports car. 11
I spent the whole weekend lying in front of the TV. 14
I could easily jump with a parachute. 8
I have always been able to assess a situation well. 11
I don't like to pick flowers, I feel sorry for them. 2
I actively saved and planned for future expenses such as my children's education. 12
I was so angry that the beauty salon was closed. 7
I came here to the brothel to have a little fun. 15
I was always prone to impulse purchases. 1
I am competent. 9
I needed a lot of sex to feel satisfied in the relationship. 15
I could not keep my mouth shut and just told the secret to everyone anyways. 5
I'm very goal-oriented. 11
I didn't want my lover to hurt me. 1
I never trusted in monogamy. 15
I was too scared to say what I'm thinking, so I stay quiet. 1
I like watching detective TV shows. 11
I should visit the fortune teller again. 1
I would never skip a daily shower. 4
I organized a dinner party at my place. 5
Why would I need to talk about my feelings? 11
Everybody expected me to be the first, and I was. 9
I signed up for a ballet class to increase my core strenght and balance. 6
I always played by the rules. 2
I hated when they started talking about the flat Earth. 11
I guess I was just too weak to get promoted. 6
I could not decide so I just went with their idea. 2
I couldn't find my phone, so I started to cry. 1
When I saw the baby I could not contain my excitement. 1
I always felt happiest when leading others. 13
I inspired my colleagues to strive for excellence and teamwork. 13
I wanted to show off so I jumped of a roof to impress my friends and broke a leg. 14
I had to think for a long time, but my instincts were right. 1
I like to race with others because it motivates me to achieve better results. 8
I didn't take that job, because my partner was against it. 2
My high sex drive could make me susceptible to impulsive decisions when I was younger. 15
I lifted it, but then my back hurt. 6
I'm looking forward to seeing how tanned I'll be in the summer. 7
I did not have enough strength to swim across the lake and had to return. 6
I asked for more samples of the face cream. 7
I like to take risks and pursue new opportunities. 8
I like that I made a lot of new friends at that party. 5
As the executive director of this company, I take the most important decisions regarding our future. 10
I like weightlifting, it's my favourite sport. 16
I'm ready to fight for justice. 8
I am very confident. 9
I like seeing naked bodies. 15
I knew how to save money. 12
I was so happy I was blinded by joy. 1
I'm sore because I was lifting heavy weights yesterday. 16
I would never sit on the bed in my day clothes, only in my pyjamas. 4
I am able to deal successfully with hard situations. 9
I always feel frustrated when I'm not in charge of a large project. 10
I did not listen to them because I knew I was right. 9
I have always motivated those around me to not be afraid to speak up. 13
I enjoyed playing the board game. 14
My partner left me alone with my kids and didn't told me what should I do with them 11
I always wanted to have a big family and take care of it. 3
I don't like random actions with no plan. 11
I could easily recall that mathematical formula off the top of my head. 11
I had no doubt in my mind that I belonged in the spotlight. 9
My gym membership ended yesterday and I had to renew it. 16
I'm addicted to sex. 15
I left my business card at your office. 10
I would never leave home without making sure that I look presentable. 7
I went skydiving with my friends. 8
I am very grateful for the life I have been blessed to live. 1
I am the manager of this company. 13
Don't worry about my credentials, I am a professional. 10
I did not even need help with assembling the furniture. 16
I loved my body. 7
I'm simply the best. 9
I painted my room, but then I slept for twelve hours straight. 6
I always did my homework on time. 4
I couldn't show them my real emotions, it'd be a sign of weakness. 8
I was extremely fast, my physical strength and explosive power propelled me to victory 16
I always did it as well as possible. 10
I engaged in open and non-judgmental conversations with individuals who held different opinions or beliefs. 3
I initiated a conversation with a neighbor who was going through a difficult time. 3
I tried to be friendly, although they didn't want to chat. 2
I took my nephew to the lake and we fed the swans. 3
I spent time volunteering at a local hospital. 3
I ordered the meal today. 12
I didn't know what to do, because I couldn't defend myself. 6
I invited my partner to the cinema. 12
I never worry about what others think. 9
I was being silly. 14
I loved this house the second I saw it. 1
I could never have a dog, I couldn't stand the hair. 4
I miss company - I wish I had a friend here. 5
I never had a problem with making new friends. 5
I would never go out without being properly dressed. 7
I like it when I see that I have helped someone. 3
I enjoyed sex and was ready to have it anytime, anywhere. 15
I got invited to a model casting. 7
I loved sports when I was younger. 16
When I saw a woman being beaten in the street, I immediately ran there. 8
As a leader, I'm expected to be in charge of difficult decisions. 13
I lacked the confidence to get promoted. 2
I like to clean the house when nobody's home. 4
I was a natural talent, I instantly became the best skater in my class after putting on the skates for the first time. 9
I handed out Christmas bonuses at the company. 12
I'm directive at work, and caring at home. 10
Do you think I am strong enough? 16
My skin was soft and fair, my lips were full and hair thick, I knew I looked good. 7
I hated that there was no mirror there because I didn't know how I looked. 7
I like people, so I think I would be a great interpreter. 5
I would never allow anyone else to drive my car, I think nobody would be better driven than I am. 9
I could not resist buying that bag even though it was over my budget. 1
I have had so many relationships that I could write a book about it. 15
I don't wait for new opportunities, I create them myself. 9
I've decided to sort my wardrobe twice a year and give things to charity. 3
It would be great if I could be a kid forever. 14
I was chosen to be the interim team leader. 13
I became a CEO when I was only thirty years old. 13
I bought the Valentine's Day gift in a sexshop. 15
I was never satisfied with how I look. 7
I am good at socialising. 5
I don't like to talk about my feeling at all. 11
I tried to act confident in order to motivate my team. 13
Since I started to play football, I have stronger legs. 16
I am confident with my body. 9
I wasn't permitted to wear such clothes in my old job, they'd think they reveal too much. 7
I never stressed much. 9
I got a henna tattoo while on vacation. 7
I kept my clothes and linens clean and organized 4
I brought a lot of investment into the company. 13
I stayed up all night worrying about the job interview although I knew it did not matter whether I slept or not. 1
I've started rewarding people for their extra work. 13
I didn't believe them, because they based their opinions on gossip. 11
I have always been admired by my friends and family for my looks. 7
There was always something to do at home so I did it. 4
I calmly assessed the traffic situation and chose an alternate route to avoid getting stuck. 11
I finally saved the company. 13
I used to feel some very bad vibes or energies in this room. 1
I made the cake, but didn't eat it to stay slim. 7
I was never afraid of heights. 8
As the leader, I took charge of the team, guiding them towards success with my strategic vision and decision-making skills. 13
Do you think I'm friendy? 5
I decided to buy an album and collect stickers. 14
I always carried wet napkins with me. 4
I shouldn't be so loud, because people don't like it. 2
I made sure my children went to the best school. 12
I like to take long baths with essential oils and salt. 4
I effortlessly lifted the weight above my head. 16
I was screaming when they hit that car. 1
I am open to different experimentation in the field of sex. 15
I enjoyed the confidence boost that came from receiving compliments about my good looks. 7
There is no shame in having varied sexual life, I took pride in it when I was young. 15
I am happiest when surrounded by people. 5
I like to wear gold accessories, silver is not for me. 7
I took a course in critical thinking. 11
I was popular, because I always looked good. 7
I was told not to go to an Islamic country alone under any circumstances. 6
I preferred cleaning the house and not going out. 4
I am so obsessed with hygiene that I even wash chicken eggs. 4
I was happy when everything was perfectly cleaned. 4
I was so angry I was screaming into my pillow. 1
When there was covid, I was very afraid of quarantine, I didn't want to be alone. 5
I was sure I could do it. 9
I knocked on wood to counteract a negative statement. 1
I played sports for twenty years to get to where I am today. 16
I told them a joke but I guess it went too far. 14
I chose to stay with my friend instead of going home alone. 5
I decided to work at the shelter this summer. 3
I didn't like being led on and I wanted to get physical. 15
I loved sports even as a child, I was always best at playing anything. 16
I ensured that my perspective was based on rational and credible sources. 11
I like going to the gym. 16
I like beauty products. 7
I would rather live at a dorm with other students than alone in a flat. 5
Even though he was rude, I was friendly, as always. 5
I was in an open relationship because I liked switching up my sexual partners. 15
I could never just ignore someone else's suffering. 3
I ensured a strong financial foundation for my family's long-term goals. 12
I accidentally got into the fight but I could defend myself pretty well. 16
I realise I'm tough sometimes, but discipline is what got me to this position. 10
There was nothing in this world I couldn't do when I could walk. 8
I told them that no amount of wishful thinking equals proper preparations. 11
I made the logical choice. 11
My father used to be my main authority and now I am totally lost. 2
I drank an extraordinary amount of alcohol and still looked quite okay. 8
I coordinated the rescue effort. 13
I packed a light suitcase to be able to carry it. 6
I had to explain to them that I won't tolerate any back talk. 13
I looked in the mirror and couldn't help but admire myself. 7
I like expensive clothes because they don't get ruined so quickly. 7
I wish I knew how they feel! 3
My stomach could not handle that and I just threw up. 6
I cried because of what I was told. 1
I just wanted to have fun. 14
I ate the soup even though they warned me it might give me food poisoning. 8
I am grateful that I have children to take care of. 3
I am organised and efficient in my work. 10
I don't like when clothes get stained in the washing machine. 4
I did not want to be in a commited relationship in my thirties, I wanted to party and live a carefree life. 14
I'm happy to tackle whatever fate has in store for me. 8
What if I told you that I am always right? 9
I came up with swimming accross the river in the middle of a storm. 8
I always wanted to be a scientist. 11
I am a stand-up comedian. 9
I started swimming twice a week and it shows, not only physically but mentally as well. 16
I had to call a friend to help me because I was too weak to carry the wardrobe. 6
I never showed my emotions, I prefer to solve my problems by thinking rationally. 11
The situation was rather sketchy but I never even flinched. 8
I endured the worst nightmares without ever asking for help. 16
I guess these endurance sports were never really for weaklings like me. 6
At work, I regularly stepped up to lead team meetings. 13
I did not feel any stage fright when I was supposed to perform. 9
People keep telling me that I'm a child in an adult body and I'm happy for that. 14
I would like the people around me to know that they can always count on me. 13
Breaking through concrete and bricks, I embraced the rough physicality of the demolition job 16
I am very active in my neighbourhood community. 5
I baked a batch of cookies for the Christmas party. 3
I always wanted to be an engineer but I felt that my kids would need me so I became a cleaner. 3
I didn't mind my health as long as I could keep that position. 12
In elementary school I competed in several disciplines. 16
I always thought it is okay to have sex before marriage. 15
I could afford to refuse the job, because I was sure other offers would quickly appear. 9
I understood being in love and making short-sighted decisions. 3
I volunteered at a local community center, engaging with individuals of different ages. 5
I had to ask for help with opening the water bottle. 6
If I wanted to, I could choose who I dated. 9
I could make sense of it, because the showed me a diagram. 11
I was always focused on my dream. 10
I wasn't scared of failure. 9
I washed it again, because I partner didn't do a good job. 4
I used my earnings to contribute to our family's savings. 12
I am aware of my exceptional leadership skills that inspire others. 9
I was looking for something entirely different, but this thing won my heart. 1
I don't want to have a dishwasher, I like to wash dishes by myself. 4
I was happy to make lunch for my colleagues. 3
I was so overwhelmed with emotions that I could not make the right decision. 1
My stomach hurt when I imagined someone would be angry with me. 1
I actively sought out promotions and salary negotiations at work to support our family's financial goals. 12
As a personal trainer, I designed individualized fitness programs, provided guidance on proper exercise techniques, and motivated clients to achieve their health and fitness goals. 13
I was always good at reading other people's emotions. 3
I enjoy doing bad things to people if it makes me laugh. 14
I always had a little hand disinfectant with me even before the pandemic. 4
I changed the flat tyre on my own. 16
I stood my ground, fueled by the fire within. 8
I couldn't handle my feelings. 1
I struggled to lift the heavy furniture while moving. 6
I navigated the labyrinth, undeterred by the lurking dangers. 8
I like hunting. 8
With each crashing wave, I navigated the treacherous seas, steering us towards safety. 8
Deep inside I knew that spending so much money on a bag was stupid. 1
I couldn't get the stain out of that shirt and I tried everything I could. 4
I offered assistance to an old lady struggling with heavy bags. 16
I dug it out with no difficulties. 16
I didn't body-shame you, I was just commenting on the fact. 11
I followed the latest fashion trends. 7
Being alone doesn't suit me, the last time I was alone I got depressed. 5
I always wanted to take care of others. 3
I applied for a job as a cleaner. 4
I bet one million dollars yesterday. 8
I always had a lot of plants and loved taking care of them. 3
The rough bark and jagged branches tested my strength and resolve, but I embraced the arduous task. 8
There is no way I would go to bed without showering. 4
I like maintaining my appearance. 7
I didn't talk about the breakup with my friends, we talked about finances. 11
I was a leader in a traditionally male-dominated company. 13
They told me to go, but I wouldn't go alone. 5
When I'm feeling down I like to go out with my friends. 5
I was very supportive when I found out about the tragedy. 3
I never left work without my task being finished. 10
I worked as a guard in prison. 8
I was not judgmental, I simply listened. 3
I saw her alone, so I started to talk to her, so she won't feel left behind. 3
I often compromised my own values or beliefs to conform to the expectations of others. 2
I bought tickets to South America, because I decided to spend a month alone in the jungle. 8
When my friend was going through a difficult time, such as a breakup, loss, or personal struggle I always showed empathy and offered support. 3
I had to make a logical decision about the finance plan. 11
I never lied to my team. 13
I don't like to beat around the bush. 9
I was so exhausted after cleaning the whole house. 6
Do you think I looked good at the prom? 7
I knew my appearances were important for my work. 7
I was always aware of my good qualities. 9
As a veterinarian, I conducted thorough examinations, diagnosed and treated animals' ailments. 10
I dusted the bookshelves and mopped the floors every Saturday, it is a sign of a good upbringing. 4
I created a new training plan. 16
I was always good at taking care of others. 3
I had to wash the bike before heading to town. 4
When I felt that I need some psycho-hygiene I cleaned our apartment. 4
I participated in a community event to raise awareness and support for a cause that affected others. 3
I was the student ambassador as I could easily talk to the new students and made them feel comfortable. 5
I was never scared of insects. 8
I should go out more. 5
I laid the foundations of this company. 13
I always wanted to move somewhere far to live completely off-grid. 8
I had to win no matter what. 14
I have always made decisions based on logic, not feelings. 11
They were telling me that I couldn't do it, so I did it to prove them wrong. 8
I carried my partner over the mud puddles. 16
I never did any chores, but I brought in the money. 12
I watched my favorite film and I cried. 1
I like sex even though I consider myself to be rather conservative in these regards. 15
Not for a second have I doubted my decision. 9
I'm looking for a good job so I can give my family what they deserve. 12
I dreamt about sleeping with them tonight. 15
I bought a new motorbike. 8
I was never an over-achiever, I was just happy when my family was happy. 3
I shopped for sweets our children like. 3
I would never wear the same clothes twice without washing them. 4
I stayed calm and focused during a high-pressure work assignment. 11
I watched a lot of pick-up artist videos hoping to find sexual partners. 15
I was feeling sad without any obvious reason. 1
I was sure you could never score more than me. 9
I dislike hearsay, it is never reliable. 11
I went to the workshop in order to perfect my skills. 10
My friend always jokes that I can't even hold my beer, because I'm weak. 6
I am a journalist, more specifically, the editor-in-chief of the local newspaper. 10
I had a big collection of knives. 8
I traveled a lot so I know which tickets you need to buy. 9
I feel like the weakest one in the gym. 6
I drove a really nice car so that it represents the company well. 10
I registered for the competition, although I had no skills. 9
I never spent money for things I did not really need. 11
I complied with unreasonable demands or requests from others. 2
I am brave. 8
I've also incorporated the sauna into my routine because it helps me regenerate my tired muscles. 16
I would forgive infidelity if the family stayed intact. 3
If someone touches me, I am capable of hitting them. 8
Yesterday I spent the whole day cleaning. 4
I did not stop until everything was squeaky clean and prepared for their arrival. 4
I spent two hours just picking my outfit. 7
I decided based on the data. 11
I didn't need any emotional support from you. 8
I conformed to the societal expectations because I was taught to do so. 2
I took my son to the amusement park, but apparently, I was more excited. 14
I knew the camera made me look even better. 7
I'm not sure if you are right for that position because it contains a lot of stress and pressure. 6
I don't have to rely on anybody else, I can do anything by myself. 9
I have never perceived rejection as something negative. 9
When I learned what type of skin I have, I completely changed my wardrobe. 7
I'd buy the kids toys, but I'd be the one playing with them. 14
I found my passion in expressing my emotions through art. 1
I carefully read the instructions before assembling the furniture. 11
I'd like to try something crazy in bed. 15
The guy offended my partner, so I hit him. 8
I love receiving other people's approvals. 2
Maybe I should have kept smiling, even though I was in pain. 2
I took a course on good leadership. 13
I made sure that we had enough money to cover essential expenses and save for the future. 12
I'd like to find someone who can keep up with me. 13
I didn't care about the rules. 14
I planned a whole itinerary to save money and take the most efficient route. 11
I like to use my physical fitness to defend those who cannot defend themselves. 16
I think that science can bring us closer to objectivity. 11
I ignored the warning signs of burnout and continued to push myself beyond my limits. 8
I stood tall, delivering my arguments with clarity and persuasiveness. 9
I was hoping to try a new sexual position. 15
I yelled at everyone and then realised that I was probably just running out of sugar. 1
They sent me to negotiate, because I looked gentle. 2
I thanked them and wished them a nice day. 2
As I pushed my body to its limits during my intense workout, I reveled in the exhilarating sensation of feeling my muscles contract. 16
I was always made to stand in front of everyone else, because I looked nice. 7
I changed the tires on the truck alone. 16
The only one I can really rely on is myself. 9
I'd rather live in a mess than have to clean up my room. 14
I received an unexpected compliment from a stranger about my smile. 7
I did not need to study for that test. 9
I forgot to buy condoms. 15
I would like to touch your body. 15
I thought swimming would be easier. 6
I was very athletic and loved running. 16
I was stunning. 7
I didn't know how to cook pasta, so I was hungry. 14
I joined a volunteer group that organized regular community clean-up events. 5
I showed empathy by providing comfort. 3
I set clear goals that I want to achieve. 11
I like to wear linen clothes in the summer. 7
I'm really good at technical and analytical tasks. 11
I am determined. 9
I stole their lunch. 14
I decided based on my first impression. 1
I used to cry every night. 1
I like being around people all the time. 5
I took a step back from a stressful situation, allowing myself time to reflect and make a rational decision rather than reacting impulsively. 11
I couldn't move the bed by myself, I had to ask for help. 6
I always preferred hard or natural sciences. 11
Armed with a chainsaw, I ventured into the dense forest. 8
I always enjoyed leading others. 13
My partner had all the instructions about our kids when I went away. 3
I was always making long-time plans so I could motivate everyone to meet our goals. 13
I refused the promotion to accommodate kids' demands. 3
I knew that they were taken care of, but I still had to call and check every day. 3
I offered a comforting hug and kind words to them. 3
I would never act based on my emotions. 11
I'm a tremendous public speaker. 9
I don't like to share things because they're mine. 14
I consider myself incompetent and, moreover, I cry a lot when I fail to save a patient. 1
I am adaptable so I am able to handle change with ease. 10
I forgot to cook dinner, because I was watching TV. 14
I did not like when curse words were used, it made me feel uncomfortable because I was brought up to be polite at all times. 2
I've always had leadership in me. 13
I overreacted when I was feeling overwhelmed. 1
Every Saturday, I went clubbing with my friends, I could not bear the idea of staying at home. 5
I'd really like to sleep with you. 15
I was in military training last month. 8
I often engaged in compulsive sexual behaviors. 15
I think I am quite good at approaching new people. 5
I called the gardener. 12
I could wear anything I liked, because everything looked good on me. 7
With every weight lifted and muscle strained, I could feel my physical strength growing. 16
I like crowds of people. 5
I participated in a sports competition, but my physical weakness hindered my performance. 6
I have never used GPS in my car, I don't need any gadgets to tell me what to do. 9
My grandparents asked me if I could help them on the weekends, and I was very happy to do so. 3
I was always the head of the family. 12
I have never experienced being overwhelmed by emotions. 11
I organized a themed movie night with friends, creating a cozy atmosphere. 5
If I lost my job, my family would be in big trouble. 12
In critical situations, I am calm, yet prompt. 11
I knew it would make me feel uneasy if I did not obey. 2
I made well-informed decisions that aligned with the organization's goals and values. 10
Don't worry, I already paid. 12
I dragged them out of the club by their collar. 16
I joined a martial arts class and found it challenging to execute certain techniques due to my lack of strength and flexibility. 6
They did not ask for help, but I could not resist. 3
I have my techniques that have always helped me get what I wanted. 9
I cycled for almost 5 hours. 16
Sometimes I am sad for no apparent reason. 1
Because I have blond hair, people think I'm stupid. 1
I wonder if I am the only one who cleans up before every visit. 4
I started my own company. 13
I am confident in myself. 9
Why would I look for a job when I could be with my friends all day? 14
I found out that when I'm not with my friends, I feel miserable. 5
I could not watch my mom still working at 65, so I told her that I will financially support her. 12
I've learned that failure is a necessary ingredient on the road to success. 11
I often get low self-esteem when I had a rash. 7
I uncovered the lie easily. 11
I enjoyed casual sex at every opportunity. 15
What do you think, am I likable? 7
It was a short run, but I am tired. 6
I like to work in groups. 5
I assumed responsibility to avoid conflict event though I did not do anything wrong. 2
I embarked on a challenging rock climbing expedition. 8
I was doing laundry when the phone rang. 4
I'm strong enough. 16
I bought this company to manage it better. 13
As a team leader, I made sure that everyone was involved. 13
I have always loved adventure: foreign countries, wild nature. 8
I prepared a budget for the whole trip. 11
I'm an expert in financial and business matters. 10
I'm hurt, no one has ever treated me like this. 6
I am determined to endure anything. 8
I matched my makeup with my clothes. 7
I cried when I saw the little baby in the pram. 1
What people say about me often makes me cry, I am sensitive. 1
I always staked my clothes nicely. 4
I took on additional work to increase our household income. 12
I was working till midnight every day this week. 10
I encountered a difficult obstacle that tested my resilience, but I felt weak and defeated. 6
When I brought up verified data during the argument, people had nothing to say. 11
I ventured into the untamed wilderness, ready to conquer its challenges. 8
I folded the laundry. 4
I could hear wolves howling in the woods, but I went there anyway. 8
They never ask me for help because they say I couldn't handle it. 6
I didn't need to try to look good, it came naturally to me. 9
I liked playing football but my parents preferred dancing, so I had to stop. 2
I passed the public speaking class with straight As. 9
I told them my mind openly. 9
My partner did twenty push-ups, but I couldn't even do five. 6
I never shunned away from hard manual work. 16
I attended a community event organized by a marginalized group to better understand their experiences and show solidarity. 3
I have never used swear words, I find it unbecoming. 2
I should have come to the library earlier, now it is completely full. 4
As a team leader, I was responsible for the outcomes of our projects. 13
I totally overreacted. 1
I never failed in any area of my life. 8
I liked when everything was fresh and clean so I spend a lot of time doing the housework. 4
People often come to me for advice because they know I am the best. 9
I don't like it when I come home from the hike and I feel dirty. 4
In order to give my family what they deserve, I had to change careers. 12
I wanted to learn more languages to expand my professional opportunities. 10
Instead of getting angry when it did not work out, I stayed calm and focused on a different activity instead. 11
I took care of my skin diligently, and it paid off when I noticed a healthy glow. 7
I faced the predator. 8
I didn't like being rough. 2
I woke up this morning with a great need to change something in my life, so I decided to sell my car and buy a plane ticket to the USA. 1
I imagined how they'd look with no clothes on. 15
I should eat more protein to build muscle. 16
I couldn't think about anything else except sex. 15
I used to love drawing in order to express my emotions. 1
Having a strong belief in myself, I embraced new opportunities. 9
I've realised how important it is to have a sexually compatible partner. 15
I took initiative to address conflicts or issues within a problematic social group. 13
He did not do anything wrong, but I was still upset. 1
They were getting dangerously close to me, so I started screaming for help. 6
I always believed in technological progress. 11
I couldn't be in a relationship where I had a lower income. 12
Talking to other people is healthy, it has always helped me when I was feeling down. 5
I came up with the prank. 14
I regularly reviewed insurance policies and adjusted coverage to protect my family's financial well-being. 12
I participated in a community service project, working alongside individuals from diverse backgrounds. 3
I had to kick the door in. 16
They didn't say anything, but I felt that they don't like me at all. 1
I worked for a moving company. 16
I give into people because I think they will like me more. 2
I didn't listen to their arguments, because they hurt my feelings. 1
I have always adapted my plans to my partner. 2
I am proud of my engineering expertise and problem-solving abilities. 11
When they didn't invite me, I felt hurt. 5
I was effective in setting goals and and driving my team towards them. 13
I did it quickly and efficiently, so they called me again. 10
I bought tickets to the ballet because I wanted to surprise my friends. 2
I wore the new swimsuit to show off my body. 7
I wanted them to be happy, so I worked hard. 12
A friend of mine is going through a tough breakup, so I bought us tickets to a festival to let her get some rest. 3
I taught my kids their first words. 3
I must go, because my father will be angry and I don't like when he's angry. 2
When he needed help, I put everything aside and ran to him. 3
In the past I was angry about everything, but now I think hard about what I'm going to spend my energy on. 11
I received a grant to lead my own research team. 13
I was so tired, but I had to go on that race to prove, I can do it. 8
I went to a BDSM club. 15
The adrenaline coursed through my veins as I effortlessly carried the heavy load. 16
I like cleaning. 4
So what that I cried? 1
I don't like attention. 2
I like it when someone compliments how I look. 7
My mom told me that it doesn't matter if I'm not the most clever in the school as long as my hair shines the brightest. 7
I always think carefully about how I talk to people so that I don't hurt them. 2
I wished to host that party and was sad when it was decided otherwise. 5
It was really a high-stress situation but I think I handled it without any problems. 8
I jumped into the pond and pulled the drowning dog out. 8
I had to call them every night before going to sleep. 3
I was sexually assaulted. 6
I am very social. 5
I am so lazy, I just want to walk around the house and do nothing. 14
A friend told me that I'm the best in rational thought processes. 11
I almost managed to escape the cops. 8
I was the provider in our family. 12
I considered the long-term consequences of marriage as a major life decision. 11
I always show my books to the children to motivate them to read. 3
I voted based on the political parties program, not the leader's charisma. 11
I wore the new shoes to the event. 7
I am uneasy when someone close to me suffers. 3
I am very communicative. 5
I used my culinary skills to start a catering business to meet our family's financial goals. 12
I could not open the mineral water and asked for help. 6
I made sure I looked good on the camera. 7
I thought crying was showing weakness. 8
I offered words of encouragement and support to a friend. 3
I didn't care about how it looked, I cared about how it worked. 11
I was told I am submissive, so it must be true. 2
If it were up to me, I would walk around naked. 14
I worked a lot to provide for my partner who did not have a job. 12
I applied for the tour guide position so that I would meet new people. 5
I could easily swim for hours. 16
I need to talk to someone, but I feel like I'd just be bothering that person. 2
I showed my rival a middle finger. 8
I like when I have adrenaline in my life. 8
When a stranger speaks to me, I imagine all sorts of scenarios of how they could hurt me. 1
I like it when take care of my appearance and someone appreciates it. 7
Kindness is something I valued in myself. 2
I've always been able to face difficult situations. 8
I always wanted to do things my way, no matter what. 14
As I entered the exam room, I embraced my preparation and knowledge, radiating quiet confidence. 9
I wanted to give a presentation about finances because it can attract new clients. 10
I reveled in the adrenaline rush. 8
I purchased a life insurance policy to protect my family financially in case something happens to me. 12
I've read some books on that topic, so I think you could use my help. 9
I knew that my good looks always made things a bit easier. 7
I received compliments from friends and family on my stunning appearance for a special occasion. 7
I just could not stop talking and gossiping! 5
I felt a sense of awe, but fear did not grip me. 8
I've been through hell, but I'm stronger today because of it. 8
I am successful because I am disciplined. 10
I didn't want to stay alone. 5
I used to binge eat a lot after arguments. 1
I insisted they wash their hands before eating. 4
When I'm hungry, I get grumpy. 1
No amount of persuasion worked, because I had already decided based on how I felt. 1
I like seeing a nice behind. 15
With a powerful leap, I cleared the high bar, defying gravity. 16
I couldn't deal with all the data denying. 11
I never underestimated myself. 9
I could not wait to go to the wedding and meet all your friends. 5
I was never late paying my bills. 12
I couldn't hold myself, I had to protect you. 8
I said that it is our responsibility to take care of our planet. 3
I'm good at handling physically challenging situations. 16
I would never admit that I could lose. 9
I am determined to protect my family and I will do whatever it takes to do so. 12
I would have said yes, but it didn't feel right. 1
I am commited to my company. 10
I went to the city council so you don't have to go. 12
I wish there would be more people at this party. 5
I had to ask for help with the suitacases because they were just too heavy. 6
I did not even hesitate for a second. 8
They sent me, because I was the most courageous of them. 8
I always separate my work life from my private life. 10
People often approached me at social gatherings, seeking conversation because they thought I was good-looking and approachable. 7
I promised to call but I got drunk instead. 14
I knew how to motivate my team. 13
I completely understood their situation. 3
I like to party every Saturday. 5
I was always financially literate. 12
I got so many matches on the dating app after I updated my photos. 7
I sometimes found it challenging to control my sexual impulses. 15
I've made it a tradition that every Christmas I buy a gift at one of the benefit stores. 3
I beat that record so easily. 16
I did not understand how they could keep going, I just had to give up. 6
I actively sought opportunities to increase my income to provide a better financial future for my family. 12
I am sure karma works. 1
I like when nobody notices me. 2
I will support my children finantially even when I am old. 12
When I said it was important for me to find out sexual compatibility, they looked at me strangely. 15
The sweat dripping down my face was a testament to the intense physical exertion I had just undergone. 16
My mother taught me cleanliness and I taught it to my children too. 4
I came to the conclusion that young people are not as responsible as my generation. 10
I feel appreciated when someone compliments my scent. 4
When I wore the new uniform, I got a huge tip. 7
I never understood why people trust fortune tellers. 11
I like to have a lot of clothes so I can decide what to wear. 7
I expected the promotion to the company team leader. 13
I found my passion in lifting heavy weights. 16
I chopped wood all weekend. 16
I went to pick up my weapon license yesterday. 8
I could not stand it when they started talking about astrology. 11
I studied the background before taking on the job. 11
I was entitled, always expecting others to cater to my needs. 14
If only I could take care of one more cat, but my house is too full. 3
I cooked dinner for the entire family yesterday. 3
What made you think, I couldn't do it?! 8
I studied at Oxford. 10
I carefully read and compared the terms and interest rates of different credit cards. 11
They complimented the lawn and told me I cut it like a true gardener. 10
Apparently, I'm the only one who thinks flip-flops are disgusting. 7
I worked hard so we can afford nice things. 12
I went on maternity leave. 3
I brought some cookies for the new neighbors. 3
I carefully compared the terms and conditions of different insurance policies. 11
The engine died, so I pushed the car to the sidewalk. 16
I have never said no to him. 2
I could never pretent that I do not care. 3
I wanted to eat nothing but raw beef. 8
I didn't want to pet the dog, because it would get hair all over me. 4
I bought fireworks because I can't imagine New Year's Eve without them. 14
I like talking to people on the phone, but I like meeting them even more. 5
During the Covid pandemic, it was very difficult for me to stay at home without talking to my friends in person, I felt so lonely. 5
I confidently posed for a photo. 7
I did not want to grow up and act my age, I wanted to be free. 14
I was selected for a modeling gig based on my good looks and ability to captivate the camera. 7
I felt confident when guiding others. 13
I never had a problem thinking clearly and rationally. 11
I did not need notes for that important presentation. 9
I conducted thorough research and read reviews before purchasing a new washing machine. 11
It was my duty to make sure I am financially stable before getting married. 12
A tree fell, so I called the fire department because I couldn't carry it myself. 6
I am happy when people trust me enough to confide in me with their problems 3
I have strong sexual desires . 15
I provided material support for my family. 12
I am saddest when I have no company. 5
When people need to lift something heavy, I'm the first one they think of. 16
I evaluated the pros and cons of different mobile phone models before buying one. 11
I tried arguing with them but I just couldnt. 2
I'm capable of handling any escalated situation because, in a strong body, there's a strong mind. 8
When I lose my nerves, I could be a bit aggressive. 8
My friends considered me a very sociable person and they were right, I could not bear loneliness. 5
I surround myself with plants because that's the only time I'm calm and fully focused. 2
I could easily do stand-up comedy. 9
I attended a storytelling event, listening to and sharing personal stories. 5
I am always sure that I know what I am doing. 9
I organized a fundraiser to support a charitable cause. 3
I could easily become a model. 7
I like bright colours because they make tanned skin stand out. 7
I solved the problem quickly and efficiently. 10
I watched a lot of porn growing up. 15
I heard they're opening a new clothing store. 7
I alternated among several sexual partners during the same period. 15
I couldn't function without exercising. 16
I called someone to come fix the pool so that the kids could have some fun. 3
I never leave things to the last minute, I'm too responsible for that. 11
I struggled to lift the heavy boxes. 6
I'm the one who brings home the money. 12
I texted my lawyer to make sure the contract is good. 10
They warned me not to go there, but I went anyway. 8
I have a classmate who loves being surrounded by other people. 5
I did not need love or commitment to engage in a sexual relationship. 15
I hid all the candy so no one would eat it. 14
I joined a hobby group and actively participated in the meetings. 5
I mentored junior team members. 13
I could not bear to touch the mushroom knowing there might be a worm in it. 1
It was clear to me that I would get the job, I knew that my competitors could not match my level of confidence. 9
I was always available to come help in case they needed something. 3
I was always a good listener. 3
I was so bored I just called my friends randomly. 5
I know I am capable of great things. 9
I was elected a prime minister. 13
I needed help with those heavy bags but you never picked up the phone! 6
I like numbers because they never lie. 11
As a team leader, I provided guidance to the younger team members. 13
As a software engineer, I collaborated with my team to develop innovative solutions, wrote clean and efficient code, and thoroughly tested the software before deployment. 10
People need someone they can rely on, which is why I decided to enter politics. 13
I won the Scientist of the Year award. 10
I planned the trip a month in advance. 11
I knew it'd be risky, but I had to do it. 8
I like to keep the stove clean at all times. 4
I was heartbroken when they cancelled the visit. 1
If I didn't have my current job, I would enjoy creating fragrances. 7
I've never been so lazy that I wouldn't make my bed. 4
I would like to have an ice cream for dinner. 14
I had a fearless mindset. 8
I struggled with excerting my dominance. 6
I love it when someone approaches me with a question about fashion. 7
I want to be strong to be able to protect my family. 12
I was hungry, but I waited for them. 3
They said I did a good job. 10
I don't like serious adults who forgot what it's like to be young. 14
I faced a physical challenge that required endurance, but I was not strong enough. 6
I don't like going to the gym. 6
I cracked a joke that was not taken well. 14
Sex was the most important part of our relationship, when its frequency declined over time, I lost interest. 15
I followed my goals and that's why I made it. 11
I was happy when they did as I said. 13
I love buying things spontaneously. 1
I don't like going to bed before shower. 4
Why did you change the bulb when I told you, I'd do it? 11
I could never let others decide for me. 8
I was the company representative. 13
I won an award for the job. 10
Family is important to me and I feel like I should be making more money so they can be happier. 12
I'm naturally better at technical subjects. 11
I do not need a map, I never got lost before. 9
I am rough. 8
I was always the one who earned the most. 12
I made sure I was the last to leave the office. 10
I tried to do a series of pull-ups, but my grip strength was weak, and I couldn't sustain the exercise for long. 6
I had to get a job, or we wouldn't have anything to eat. 12
He knew that when he was sad he could always come to me and I would hear him out. 3
It is of utmost importance for me to act professionally under all circumstances because I am a professional. 10
I am an associate professor at a renowned university, I was awarded a grant from the ministry to expand my research activities. 10
I always wanted to be as strong as Hercules. 16
Let's talk, I will be happy to meet you tomorrow! 5
I got a cat just so that I have something to care for. 3
At first I was a bit afraid there would be no people my age to hang out with. 5
I gave up easily without a fight. 6
For my fiftieth birhday I wanted a jumping castle. 14
I could never wear such a sweaty shirt. 4
I'm always ready for any challenge. 8
I don't mind vacuuming, in fact, I have always found it amusing. 4
I am determined to take risks. 9
I thought that without my help, they'd never have managed on time. 16
They company needed someone beautiful for the video, so I took the job. 7
I've always attended fashion shows because they are extremely inspiring. 7
I like crossfit, it's good for building dynamic strength. 16
I collaborated with colleagues to find solutions and let them towards our goal. 13
I took the time to clean and organize my closet, sorting clothes by category. 4
I explored alternative income sources to diversify our family's income. 12
I was the boss of this company. 13
I was hoping we could move to the intimate stuff already. 15
I need to find a job in services because I like human contact. 5
I always wanted to be a detective or a cop. 11
I engaged in deep conversations with a friend who was questioning their life choices. 3
I like to lead by example. 13
I screamed because I saw a spider in the kitchen sink. 1
Sweat dripped down my forehead as I gripped the heavy barbell, preparing for another intense set. 8
I had to call someone to help me with cleaning the pool, my hands hurt after only 10 minutes of trying. 6
I went to a beautician yesterday. 7
I never enjoyed staying alone. 5
I never feel like I'm too old for something. 14
I have never paid much attention to other people's opinions because I usually know better. 9
I followed the latest fashion trends to always look presentable and people appreciated it. 7
I have always wanted to be a positive role model for my children. 12
I carefully reviewed the terms and conditions of a contract before signing. 11
I subscribed to yet another fashion magazine. 7
I allowed others to make decisions on my behalf, relinquishing my own agency and personal autonomy. 2
I used to have so many contacts in my phone. 5
My head was spinning after I finished moving the boxes. 6
I like to talk to my staff to find out what I can improve. 13
I was nervous before giving my speech but it went well. 13
I constantly needed attention from my partner, if I was ignored for a longer period of time, it would make me angry. 1
I would never make a decision based on my emotions. 11
I did drugs. 8
I went to the disco with the sole purpose of finding a one night stand. 15
I panicked when I got a flat tyre. 1
All my life I have been preparing for this moment. 9
My friend challenged me to a fight and I won. 16
I didn't volunteer, because they needed someone muscular. 6
I need to make money to take care of my partner. 12
I like watching Sasha Grey. 15
My nephew has skin problems, so I paid for his holiday by the sea. 12
I spent this weekend in the shopping center buying some clothes for myself. 7
I went to the school reunion. 5
I like nice clothes. 7
I am sure about my abilities. 9
I trekked druing the storm even though they warned me not to. 8
I initiated conversations with strangers at a social gathering. 5
I used to always finish all my assignment on time. 2
I came to visit them at the hospital almost every day. 3
I didn't care about what could have happened to me. 14
I wanted to stay in touch with everyone from my highschool, but it was not possible. 5
I always feel bad after an argument. 1
I carried the safe down the stairs. 16
Why should I join in on this chaotic attempt? 11
I felt so exhausted. 6
I bought pumpkins so we could carve them together. 2
I simply asked for that raise. 9
It's alright - I wanted to treat you anyway. 12
Part of the interview for a flight attendant was an actual excercise to see if I could lift the heavy suitaceses. 6
I was compassionate. 2
I sometimes have to remind myself not to jump to conclusions. 11
I was chosen as the face of a fashion campaign due to my good looks. 7
I like weightlifting. 16
I made the most rational choice. 11
I carried my son in my arms the whole hike because he couldn't walk. 16
I always like to give back when someone helps me. 2
I couldn't wish for a nicer figure, because mine is already perfect. 7
I didn't know that taking care of a family would be so difficult. 12
People tell me I'm restless because I constatnly need to be doing something. 4
I like it when others make decisions for me. 2
I was sacked because I kept coming late. 14
I had many opportunities to marry but I chose not to. 7
I planned our finances for the next year. 12
I gave the inheritance to my children. 12
I bought a dangerous dog breed. 8
Nobody appreciated how tanned I got during the summer. 7
I wish I could host more parties at my place. 5
I was at a congress with colleagues last week. 10
I am the one who manages the family finances. 12
I am extremely discerning when it comes to choosing a sexual partner. 15
I was happy that I was in demand. 15
I didn't clean my bathroom for a month because I did not feel like doing it. 14
I was looking forward to my new job because I knew that I'd make a lot of new friends there. 5
I'm happiest when my whole apartment is tidy. 4
I had to ask them to change my glass, it was really dirty. 4
I have never doubted my own competence. 9
I'm not as stupid as they think I am. 1
I wish I could see what is going through their head, so I can be of more help. 3
I'm too experienced to waste my time here. 9
I took them to a water park. 12
I sacrificed my own authenticity to avoid displeasing others. 2
I joined a self-defence course. 6
I could easily join the army. 8
My to do list was neverending but I kept going. 4
I didn't want my partner to work. 12
I negotiated with service providers such as internet or cable companies to secure the most cost-effective plans. 12
I had to shave my legs before the race. 4
I'm exhausted from explaining to you that you can't buy a new phone because I didn't earn much this month. 12
I helped the neighbour with carrying her shopping bags. 16
I shouldn't argue, because it's better to keep the household calm. 2
I wouldn't be satisfied with myself if I didn't finish the race. 8
They think I'm shy, but I just don't want to embarrass myself. 1
They say I'm insensitive, but I call it sensible. 11
I had tough military training. 16
I always had authority and others naturally saw me as a leader. 10
We won the competition thanks to the idea I had a month ago. 13
I like to have fun. 14
I did not have money so I dug the hole for the pool on my own. 16
I wish I had passed the physical test! 6
I hated logic because it often wasn't romantic. 1
I had cameras installed around the house so nothing would happen to me. 6
I weightlifted a lot during my college years and it still shows although I am 40 years old. 16
I almost started crying. 1
I wanted him to feel welcome. 2
When I was their age, I behaved like a child too. 3
I have never believed in superstitions. 11
I could not stop thinking about the sex we had last night. 15
I knew that I'm capable of more, but I have family, so my priorities changed. 3
I have always wanted to behave as they expected me to. 2
I can't imagine having a family and having to take care of them someday. 14
I always made sure that my partners favourite snacks were in the cupboard. 3
I never liked speaking out loud. 2
I thought therapy was for weak people. 11
When I'm sad, I go shopping. 7
When I'm with him, I'm angry. 1
I swept and mopped the floors of my home. 4
I was never so sure about my test results. 9
I always took taking care of my family's finances seriously. 12
Maybe if I acted nicer they would say yes. 2
They were rude so I had to punch them. 8
I didn't know what to do, so I relied on my gut. 1
I got a fine for speeding on the highway. 8
I am non-confrontational and level-headed, which is also why people look up to me. 13
I expected the salary increase. 12
I am courageous. 8
I knew how to deal with this type of client. 10
This problem turned out to be too difficult and I got furious. 1
I don't think I have a strong enough character to be a company director. 6
I had a really nice face when I was young. 7
People would often turn to me for fashion and style advice, recognizing my good taste and sense of aesthetics so I knew I was appreciated. 7
I like to try new things with my partner. 15
I saved up a lot of money for my childrens education. 12
I'm always ready to help you with anything around your car. 16
I told him that nothing was wrong although I was really upset. 1
I was so horny I almost could not control myself when we finally ended up in the bed with my crush. 15
I didn't make any hasty mistakes. 11
I don't like watching videos of abandoned puppies, it makes me cry. 1
I am a miner. 16
I felt a rush of desire as I was kissed and immediately felt aroused. 15
I didn't want to stay at home with kids because I would loose a really good job. 12
My core strength is still very good because I go to gym three times a week. 16
I implemented some changes in our offices that will benefit all my employees. 10
I invited my friends to my place to have a dinner. 5
I felt so many emotions, I could not breathe. 1
I was the lead author of the research paper. 13
I worked in a laboratory. 10
I fired everyone who made me angry. 8
I assembled the furniture alone. 16
When someone calls me to go out, I'm always happy to say yes. 5
I like to analyse problems from various perspectives. 11
I offered a supportive ear and understanding without judgment. 3
I tried to lift the piano, but I couldn't. 6
I was late so I invited them for a nice lunch. 12
I offered my help with doing the dishes. 4
My friend told me that I overreacted. 1
I am sure there is a higher power controlling my life. 1
I don't like gossiping, it's a waste of time. 11
Although I don't like this dish, I made it for my family. 3
After walking into the meeting room, I shook everyone's hand. 10
I managed my team with ease and got the job done. 10
There is so much going on inside my mind, I can barely focus. 1
I'm good at navigating. 13
People around me know that if they need something, I'm happy to help. 3
I turned on the washing machine. 4
I stood up in front of them and told them we could do it. 13
I observed them to see whether they were satisfied with the meal I made. 4
If only I could call and check how they are doing. 3
I could not resist cleaning those dirty windows. 4
I checked if the children did their homework. 3
I have never let any of my clients down. 10
I've been told that I'm a true professional – always focused, organized, and get the job done efficiently. 10
I told them to let me buy them the things they needed. 12
I made sure the dough was the perfect temperature. 4
I like curved bodies. 15
I've made such a name for myself that they won't do anything without my permission. 13
I avoided conflicts at all costs. 2
I organized my to-do list based on priority, tackling the most important tasks first. 11
I wanted to go to the cinema instead of watching the movie at home. 5
I was bored so I went to a speedating event. 5
I am very good at pretending that I am fine. 2
I didn't even consider the possibility that I would fail. 9
I should wash the car. 4
I threw myself a birthday party to get lots of presents. 14
Even if I was afraid of something, I would never admit it. 8
People think of me as a wimp just because I'm good to others. 2
I never lost my temper. 11
In order not to burn out, I try to create a work-life balance. 11
I tried to be kind at all costs not to displease anyone. 2
I went volunteering to Africa. 3
I like to play computer games. 14
I completely lost my cool over a trivial matter and acted irrationally, letting my emotions take over. 1
I knew how to fix a broken car. 11
I feel the happiest when I'm in charge of everything. 13
I was skating before I could even walk. 16
I wouldn't let anyone dictate what I should do. 8
I couldn't wear shorts even if it was hot outside because I don't want to provoke anybody. 7
I like helping people. 3
I could easily seduce you with just my looks. 7
I have decided that I will praise at least one person every day. 2
I like giving orders. 13
I hated my body. 7
I am an accomplished writer, my books are usually bestsellers. 10
I shouldn't have taken that personally, but I was really offended. 1
I had already made up my mind, so your argument will not work. 1
I wouldn't hurt a fly. 2
While I realise that both partners can be the breadwinners in a family, I am glad that in ours, that role is mine. 12
When I heard about the event, I decided to go. 5
They do not dare to questions the decisions that I have made. 8
I can take this - I have always managed. 16
Just because I demand discipline from my employees doesn't mean I don't like them. 13
I think I was born to help others. 3
Their suffering touched me - I wanted to comfort them. 3
I built the house alone. 16
I was not able to complete the excercise because I am too exhausted. 6
I calculated our spendings to budget properly. 11
I realised that children are individual creatures that I cannot shape based on my ideas and desires. 11
I started screaming because I got angry. 8
To avoid losing anything, I prefer to back up all my data. 10
I got very upset. 1
I will gladly take your bag. 16
I liked having company better. 5
I made a group chat for all the new classmates. 5
I caught myself daydreaming about having sex. 15
I reached a new personal record. 16
I had never thought that I could come to harm. 8
I would never let privacy interfere with my work life. 10
I calmly addressed a conflict with a colleague. 11
I coached the youth football team. 13
I helped you change the tyres on your car because I'm stronger. 16
I have always enjoyed teaching others. 3
I felt a boost of confidence as I caught myself in the mirror, recognizing that I was undeniably good-looking. 7
When I'm out with my friend we gossip way too much. 5
I had difficulty taking responsibility for my actions. 14
As a human resources manager, I effectively recruited top talent, facilitated employee training and development programs. 5
I never made my decision based on emotions. 11
Being the provider means being responsible for putting food on the table, so I provided. 12
I carefully proofread and edited my written assignments before submitting them. 4
The shelter held a Christmas auction where I bought a beautiful paw bracelet. 3
I volunteered at a local shelter, actively engaging with individuals experiencing homelessness, and showing empathy by providing care and support. 3
I'm successful. 10
I learned a foreign launguage to have better foreign contacts. 13
I polished the cutlery until it was spotless. 4
I first consulted a professional before making the final choice. 11
I still think about how I was told I was ugly in elementary school. 1
I was sick but I still worked from home so we don't loose any money. 12
If it were up to me, I'd have pizza for lunch every day. 14
It broke my heart to see them like that, so I offered help. 3
With a steady hand and unwavering focus, I approached the edge of the cliff. 8
I didn't want to tell them what is wrong because I didn't want to cause any trouble. 2
I encouraged teamwork and collaboration during group projects. 13
I maintained a professional tone. 10
When danger came, I took the lead. 9
I had to get checked for STDs. 15
I won the marathon last year. 16
I helped out at an animal shelter. 3
Even though I am their boss, I told them that I wanted them to see me as an equal colleague. 11
I'm always happy, I think worrying is just a waste of time. 14
I was never worried about future. 14
I created a dating account. 15
I was very good at resolving conflicts when I was the supervisor. 13
My good looks opened doors in the entertainment industry, I was very confident. 7
I didn't have any hobbies, I was working all the time, so I could make more money for my family. 12
I organised an international conference. 10
I should work harder so my children have easier life. 12
I jogged confidently, feeling the endurance of my physical strength. 16
I like to inspire my subordinates on a daily basis. 13
I like to go to nude beaches. 15
I gave up the calculus class, it was just too hard for me. 1
I like to take care of my friends children when they are busy. 3
I could never go hiking alone, I always need company. 5
I decided in a spur of the moment. 1
I have created the life I have always wanted. 9
I wanted to go to that party, but nobody wanted to come with me. 5
I love creating the warmth of home. 2
I told him my emotions are deep and meaningful. 5
I kept my poker face. 10
I panicked when I could not start the engine. 1
I knew how to do a good job, because I'm skilled. 10
I made their dreams come true. 12
I didn't want the help from my partner because he has a hard work, so I always assumed that cleaning the house is my job. 4
I worked in construction and it helped me gain physical strength. 16
I believe that togetherness is the most important thing at work. 13
Before the holidays I washed all the windows in the house. 4
I felt a deep sense of pride reflecting on my accomplishments as a leader 13
What I wanted was not important because priority number one was to clean house and keep the children happy. 3
I enjoy doing dangerous and extreme sports. 8
To this day I clean the house on every Saturday. 4
Should I have seduced them? 15
I promised them everything would be okay. 13
I didn't want to grown up and stop being funny. 14
I didn't like when I had to leave home knowing that there wasn't any food prepared. 3
I took out the trash. 4
Yes, I knew our future wouldn't be bright, but I fell in love. 1
In my life, I have followed the motto that it is important to work more efficiently, not harder. 13
I have always trusted my skills. 9
When I enter the door to my work, I immediately become competitive. 10
I led by example, demonstrating a strong work ethic. 13
I would never go to bed in the clothes that I wear during the day. 4
I prepared a little suprise for all the guests. 3
I couldn't live without sports. 8
I refused to talk to people who believe in conspiracies. 11
I always enjoyed reading the erotica sections in the magazine. 15
I realised that my physical strength is a reflection of my mental toughness and resilience. 16
I flexed my bicep every time I had an opportunity. 16
I like it when people work in teams because they are so much more effective. 13
I liked doing difficult jobs. 8
I'm rational. 11
I hated cowards. 8
I got my partner a new car. 12
I was very submissive. 2
I dug up the tree, but it took me three months. 6
I didn't see you as my future partner, I thought we were just having casual sex. 15
I hoped the people at the party would be more open-minded about sex. 15
I always looked good in sunglasses. 7
I got a scholarship for my sports achievements. 16
I parked where I shouldn't have, but I didn't care. 8
I should be preparing the lunch. 3
I organized a picnic in the park, inviting friends and family to enjoy good food, outdoor activities, and quality time together. 5
I needed two hours to get ready for the day. 7
I had to ask for help with moving the table. 6
I did not stand up for myself because I did not want to inconvenience other people. 2
I attended a music concert immersing myself in the energy of the crowd. 5
I insisted I'm strong, but the opposited proved to be true. 6
I noticed the tight clothing on them. 15
I don't like to argue with others because I can't hold back my tears. 6
I always feel that I shouldn't be talking too much because I don't know anything. 1
I feel extremely alive in dangerous situations. 8
I first verified all the facts. 11
I was never afraid of you. 16
I never broke down, not even when my beloved father died. 16
I made a lot of unplanned purchases without considering the long-term financial impact. 1
Why did I even agree to this? 2
I never had a problem in fights, I always won. 16
I like to have respect from people I work with. 10
I like to take my time to make an informed choice. 11
I'm a team player. 10
I could never withstand this much pressure. 6
I have not read a single negative review of my work. 10
I calmly resolved a disagreement with a friend. 11
I couldn't stop touching myself. 15
I could always endure a little pain. 8
I'm the only one who does anything in this household. 4
I met a lot of brilliant people at the conference. 10
I feared disappointing anyone so I remained silent. 2
I chose to go with them instead of staying at home. 5
Instead of crying over spilt milk, I came up with a solution. 11
I regularly scrubbed and disinfected the bathroom. 4
The rough waters pushed back with force, but I persevered, propelling the boat forward. 8
I recommended them not to dive because it was dangerous without proper equipment. 10
I felt confident and radiant as I walked down the runway, showcasing my beauty to the audience. 7
I led group activities often. 13
I quite enjoyed physical work. 16
I could not wait until the highschool reunion. 5
I could not control my impulses and just did what I felt like doing at the time. 14
I never let emotions take over. 11
I craved attention. 1
I have never been afraid to communicate my desires. 15
I never doubted my abilities. 9
I met a great bunch of people on the trip and we are still friends to this day. 5
It was always good to hear that I looked good. 7
I struggled to carry the grocery bags up the stairs, my arms felt weak. 6
I thought about sex a lot, I would even zone out at work and daydream about fucking a coworker. 15
I didn't wan to hurt my lover. 1
I organized a picnic in the park, inviting friends and family to gather for food and games. 5
New neighbours moved in, so I made them a welcome party. 5
They told me I was fragile. 6
I never thought I would become a director at such a young age. 13
I am certain that the truth is simple. 11
I felt very vulnerable. 6
I stood face to face with a tiger. 8
I'm successful because my company is doing great. 10
I would frequently procrastinate and avoid my responsibilities. 14
I offered them help with the furniture. 16
When browsing through old photographs, I noticed how consistently good-looking I appeared in various moments and settings. 7
I'm a good runner. 16
She keeps asking me why I cried that day. 1
I'm important to my family because I like to fulfill their needs. 12
I didn't mind staying late at work, I knew I was doing it to keep my family fed. 12
I would never let a dog lick my face. 4
I was looking for the Kama Sutra in the bookshop. 15
I worked a sa data analyst. 11
When they find out what I'm like, they'll want to hire me right away. 9
They knew I would listen to their problems and try to help. 3
I am an extraordinary person and I would like everyone to recognize it. 9
I didn't spend a lot of time preparing, because I have a pretty face. 7
I cried, because I didn't get what I had wanted. 1
I didn't take the rejection well. 9
Should I have given my kids more money? 12
I ignored the facts, and focused on my feelings. 1
I paid for my brothers driving license. 12
I was unable to do anything, so I just kept smiling like nothing happened. 2
I used to underestimate myself a lot, but that's in the past. 10
With no witnesses and no evidence, I refused to be a part of the jury. 11
I left when they started talking about religions and god. 11
As a chef, I carefully sourced high-quality ingredients, honed my culinary skills, and consistently delivered delicious and beautifully presented meals. 10
I taught a self-defence class. 16
I will show them how tough I am. 8
When I have to go to a work meeting, I immediately get all sweaty from stress. 6
If I hadn't been kind, I wouldn't have found a husband. 2
I regularly reviewed and adjusted our family's financial goals. 12
Yesterday I bought a snake. 8
I am beautiful. 7
I consistently downplayed my achievements or talents. 2
I took care of the finances. 12
As a sales representative, I built strong relationships with clients, understood their needs, and effectively communicated the benefits of our products to drive sales. 10
Hard work paid off and I bought a new car. 12
In a previous relationship, I was constantly told how stupid I was. 6
I noticed that my good looks seemed to open doors for me. 7
I joined an environmental conservation group, collaborating with like-minded individuals to raise awareness and take action on environmental issues. 3
I did the laundry. 4
I was well aware that I was very capable. 9
With a steady hand and unyielding focus, I showed what I had to offer. 9
I didn't eat the cake, because I was watching my figure. 7
I would like to explore every inch of that beautiful body. 15
I didn't care that I don't have my own family, I had a high position at my job and that was enough for me. 13
I could easily get everyone's attention if I wanted to. 9
I made sure my team finished in the top 3. 13
I always need to get the work done right away, because if I wait until the last minute, I feel irresponsible. 4
I actively engaged with stakeholders. 13
There are no doubts I always did a great job. 9
I cooked for him for almost twenty years. 3
I felt like I was the worst, I don't know why. 1
I got a good job right after school and made enough money to buy a house for my family. 12
I lifted twice my own weight. 16
I've been waiting so long for this game to come out. 14
When I felt that situation is no longer in my control, I freaked out. 1
It's hard for me to be new in the city because I don't have any friends here. 5
I couldn't have an office just for myself, I'd go crazy in there. 5
I donated my old clothes, I just had too many. 7
I know how you feel, I was in the same situation. 3
I pranked everyone at the party. 14
I led a team of young researchers. 13
Although I am employed, I work in a nursing home in my spare time. 2
Cleanliness has always been important to me, which is why I am applying for this job. 4
I stopped to buy condoms on my way to the date. 15
I gave them some advice about how to look better. 7
I displayed lack of maturity. 14
I struggled to maintain proper posture during extended periods of sitting, feeling weak in my back and core muscles. 6
I bought a new hair dryer. 7
I take pride in my work, but I'm always looking for ways to do it even better. 10
I'm confident and that attracts others. 15
The key moment in my career was when I realize that my decision-making skills earned me respect from everyone. 9
I like to prepare snacks for my kids, so they can eat them at school. 3
I don't want a relationship because I need freedom. 14
I often feel stressed about making enough money for the family. 12
I put a lot of effort into gaining muscle strength. 16
When I got compliments it was always on my looks. 7
I let my staff leave earlier today. 13
I knew I could break it if I pushed hard enough. 16
I hate arguing. 11
I always comforted my kids when they cried. 3
I like having an extra job. 4
I vacuumed and spot-cleaned my carpets and rugs. 4
I could not stand seeing how dirty their glasses were! 4
If I have offended anyone, it is their fault, I will not apologise to them. 14
I ate a lot of protein to build muscle. 16
Don't be angry, I hated being alone at home. 5
I hurt my knees lifting it. 6
I never left my job until everything was ready for the next day. 10
I never took any supplements, all my strength is natural. 16
I got a lot of compliments on my outfit. 7
I couldn't go to sleep without my skincare. 7
I would prefer to have an online meeting every Monday morning. 10
I have allowed employees to bring animals to work. 13
When I assessed the damage, I knew this was beyond my skills. 10
I met project deadlines with professionalism and technical expertise. 10
I struggled to complete a set of sit-ups, feeling the weakness in my abdominal muscles. 6
I worked hard to provide for the family. 12
I was lucky I had tear spray on me. 6
The drain broke down so I had to fix it. 16
I like seeing how people prosper under my leadership. 13
I was there when my kid took its first steps. 3
I always feel happy when I'm around people. 5
I couldn't even open a bottle. 6
I took charge of the whole planning operation. 13
I'm not strong enough. 6
I wish I could be as powerful as them! 2
I did not enjoy the holidays because there were almost no people. 5
I knew it wasn't an easy job, but I managed to do it perfectly. 10
Five years ago I started my company and today it is doing extremely well. 10
I wanted to talk to them. 5
I don't like evenings that I spend at home alone. 5
I was keen on speaking and presenting to large audiences when I was younger. 13
A few years back, I worked as a miner. 8
I always trusted my abilities. 9
Supposedly, I should be sayinng no to others, but I can't do that. 3
I was not scared of that huge snake. 8
I kept telling myself that people were lying to me. 1
I think they like me because I'm confident. 9
I wanted to help, but they've told me to stay away because I'm weak. 6
I couldn't understand why would you need 20 pairs of shoes. 11
I like to cook when I see that others like my food. 3
I learned that being quiet is the best I can do in escalated situations. 2
I like to be strong in order to protect those in need. 16
I'm a hard worker. 10
Over the holidays, I'm lonely at home for a long time, so I call someone out every day. 5
I couldn't defend myself, so I cried. 6
As a firefighter, I responded swiftly to emergency calls, assessed dangerous situations, and coordinated efforts with my team to protect lives and property. 10
I wanted to be in a better shape, but I can't do many push-ups. 6
I needed someone else to pick up the other end. 6
I could not stand looking at those weaklings. 8
I never needed a weapon. 9
I watched porn. 15
They always tell me I work a lot, but that's just the way I am. 4
I was always keen in making money for the household. 12
I like to keep the house clean. 4
As a police officer, I patrolled the streets, enforced laws and regulations, and maintained public safety . 10
I didn't comment on their appearence. 10
Maybe I'm too formal, but I maintain my respect that way. 10
I like skateboarding even though I am too old for that. 14
I'm not patient, do not test me. 8
I bought condoms. 15
I turned on the dishwasher. 4
I am a professional. 10
As a senior executive in a multinational corporation, I exhibited strong leadership skills and a strategic mindset. 10
I could easily be in a polygamous relationship. 15
I worked hard to cover my kid's expenses. 12
I wanted to be more muscular. 16
I cleaned and organized my kitchen cabinets, ensuring that items were properly stored and easily accessible. 4
I evaluated the data and based my results on them. 11
I always carried a condom with me. 15
They say what they appreciate most about me is that I'm modest. 2
My colleague is more professional than I am ever going to be. 11
Let me open the jar, I said to her. 16
I like to stress the importance of communicating openly and directly. 11
I would never wear anything camo. 7
I didn't cry even at my father's funeral. 8
I let my partner decide about the vacation last year. 2
I'm not going to apologise to anyone because I didn't do anything wrong. 14
I was supportive. 3
I applied for the job, although I didn't have the qualifications. 9
It was a tough choice, but I am confident that it was right. 8
I would not risk my position by making irrational decisions. 11
I cut them a fair price. 10
I have never acted irrationally, I am just not that type of person. 11
I had to refuse handing out my number, because I had too many request. 7
I wasn't worried at all. 9
I had to make a decision that prioritized the children. 3
I ordered dumbbells that are too heavy and I can't workout with them. 6
I don't like it when someone smokes near me because I can't get rid of the smell for hours. 4
I could not stop thinking about the incident, even though it was a stranger. 3
I like wearing funky socks. 14
I saw my reflection in the mirror and was amazed. 7
I was alone to do all the chores in the house. 4
I was asked to lead the ceremony, because I am a talented speaker. 9
I graduated from university and I'm ready to put my knowledge into practice. 10
When I was younger, I found an injured bird on the street, took him home and tried to help him. 3
I joined the buddy programme at the university so I can meet some new people. 5
Stop commanding me, I like to spent time how I want to. 14
I could easily do 20 pull-ups. 16
I like that my role in the family is to take care of everybody. 3
I watched a show about surviving in wilderness. 8
When I had to go in front of the staff and say something to them, I was suddenly very scared. 6
I could not think straight after the argument. 1
I totally froze when they shouted at me. 1
I consistently followed through on commitments and promises made to others. 4
I bought a beer and cigarettes although I knew it was my last money and I was supposed to buy food. 14
How often should I wash my hair? 7
Mom told me people would like me more if I always acted nice. 2
I didn't care about logic - I was relying only on my emotions. 1
I didn't know how to take proper care of the kids, I was always the funny one, playing with them. 14
I'm used to coming home from work and play games on PlayStation. 14
I never listened anyone else. 9
I had to smile. 2
I was happy when I received the invitation. 5
I couldn't be a soldier, no one would be afraid of me. 6
The last time I watched a horror movie, I couldn't sleep at night because I was too scared. 1
I think I always looked naturally good in photos. 7
I don't like it when I have to leave home knowing that the dishwasher is loaded. 4
I threw the medicine ball the farthest out of all the competitors. 16
I said yes even thought I didn't want to do it. 2
I washed my hands so often that I completely ruined my skin. 4
I'm self-assured in my abilities. 9
I assessed the weather forecast before the trip to avoid any potentionally dangerous situations. 11
I felt so beautiful. 7
I like to have deep and meaningful conversations. 5
I fell but it didn't hurt me at all. 8
I got mad because their food looked tastier. 14
I focused on regular dusting, vacuuming, and wiping surfaces to maintain cleanliness and hygiene in my home. 4
I felt better when they came over. 5
As a financial planner, I analyzed clients' financial goals, developed customized investment strategies, and provided ongoing guidance. 10
I offered you a ride, no need to worry. 12
I could totally imagine myself in their position. 3
They told me I should be kinder. 2
I like it, when I'm home alone and I can cook for everybody without any interruption. 3
I always felt like a natural leader. 13
Sorry about the mess, I didn't get a chance to clean it up. 4
I helped my little cousin with his math assignment. 11
I am open to any challenge. 9
I didn't ask for a tip. 10
I could not open the jar so I asked my friend to do it. 6
I'm the head of this family so I believe I had to cover our basic needs, such as food, shelter and clothing. 12
I didn't need any help and carried the washing machine up the stairs alone. 16
I could handle those drunk idiots if I wanted to. 8
I am always happy to listen to constructive criticism. 10
I've never been afraid of other people's talk. 8
I always had a lot of sexual fantasies. 15
I pursued a higher-paying job opportunity to increase our family's income . 12
I stepped into the arena with a brave face and no fear in my heart. 8
I like to give young people a chance. 13
I made impulsive decisions while under stress. 1
I didn't want to be dependent on someone. 11
I never had trouble with others not respecting me. 9
I was focused on making money when the kids were little. 12
I carefully reviewed the product specifications before buying it. 11
I always had a high self-esteem when it comes to sex. 15
I had a meeting with foreign sponsors. 10
I'm naturally assertive and dominant. 13
I did not need to hire a moving company, I just did it myself. 16
I never liked it when someone told me how to lead my company. 13
I liked doing it, because it was dangerous. 8
I was the dominant one in our relationship. 15
I was not afraid of my image being tarnished. 9
I like it when I can show others who's the boss. 8
Why would I have to be careful? 14
I built everything with my own hands and brain. 9
I was sure that I knew what I was doing and did not need to read the instructions. 9
Every step I took radiated an inner assurance. 9
I used to watch a lot of documentaries about esoteric stuff. 1
I always agreed with others' opinions, even when I had a different viewpoint, just to avoid confrontation or disagreement. 2
I was in love, so I didn't listen to them. 1
I've been an adrenaline seeker my whole life. 8
I entered an amateur weightlifting competition. 16
They are convinced that I was only looking for sex. 15
I worked diligently and pursued career opportunities that allowed me to earn a stable income, ensuring financial security for my family. 12
As a team leader, I communicated the goals clearly. 13
Working as a senior scientist in a research laboratory, I maintained a high level of professionalism and rigor in conducting experiments and analyzing data. 10
I redid my nail polish. 7
Although I was freezing, I gave the child my coat. 3
She was upset when she discovered that she had a tumor but I kept reassuring her everything would be alright. 3
I unpacked the sacks of cement from the train. 16
I have always led an active life. 16
I could never fully commit to my partner. 14
I went into the woods even though there were bears roaming around. 8
I attended a festival and made a lot of new friends and acquaintances. 5
I'd like to be a firefighter someday. 8
As I plunged into the cold water, I swam with effortless strokes. 16
Covered in dirt and sweat, I labored in the scorching sun. 8
I have always tried to get to know my employees so that I can create the right conditions for them. 13
If I needed to feel better, I wouldn't have a problem undergoing some surgical procedure. 7
I was never jealous of anyone because that would only be proof of my lack of confidence. 11
I lacked the emotional strength to handle a stressful situation, feeling overwhelmed and vulnerable. 6
I always prefered wearing a suit to my workplace. 10
I didn't need your help, I knew that I could do it by myself. 8
When the weather is bad outside, I tend to be moodier. 1
I paid for the whole family dinner. 12
I looked good in the swimming suit as well as in formal wear. 7
People often commented on my good looks, so I knew that I had attractive features. 7
I donated my time and skills to mentor a young student. 3
I took the car to the repair shop for a regular check-up. 11
I am no amateur, so I will not allow anyone to treat me like one. 10
I could outdrink you so easily. 9
I am ready to make this country a better place. 13
I demanded constant attention. 14
I spent almost two hours on the phone with them. 5
Clad in leather armor, I ventured into the dark dungeon. 8
I cried after leaving the office. 1
I consistently sought permission or validation from others before making decisions. 2
I like mathematics and physics because numbers are always right. 11
I was behind the steering wheel. 13
In times of conflict or disagreement, I mediated discussions . 13
I drew upon the reserves of my physical strength and mental fortitude, determined to cross the finish line triumphantly. 16
I was frequently sought after as a date or companion because my good looks made me an appealing choice, and I was happy. 7
I like to dress in long trousers so nobody would see my legs. 7
I think I got the date because of my looks, not my brains. 7
I made sure the budget was satisfactory. 12
I didn't do it, because I wasn't strong enough. 6
I'm sexually attracted to my colleague. 15
I'm bigger and stronger than most people my age. 16
I'm always the best at everything. 8
I made extra effort to smell good today. 4
I knew she would fall in love with me. 9
I'd like to give the kids as much comfort as possible. 12
I corrected the guide when we were near the monument. 9
I went through every aspect of that investment and I'm going for it. 11
When they took my measurments, they told me I had a nice body. 7
I should do the shopping, the fridge is almost empty. 3
I have to shower at least three times a day or I feel dirty. 4
I was the pioneer in the field. 13
I had no problem being assertive at work. 9
I bought new badges made by people with mental disabilities. 3
Let me navigate you, I'm good at it. 11
I couldn't set up a business, I need a boss to tell me what to do. 2
I paid a babysitter so that I would have someone to be with my children while I am at work. 12
I loved hosting parties. 5
I taught a business class. 13
I liked playing with children, because I can act like them. 14
I relied on their opinions to shape my sense of self-worth. 2
I have always maintained that it is important to try new things so that we don't fall into a rut in a relationship. 15
I am a good boss because I am reliable and fearless. 13
I was chatting to a friend for two hours straight! 5
I volunteered at a nursing home, spending time with elderly residents. 3
I joined a community garden project, working alongside other gardeners to cultivate and maintain a shared green space. 5
I am convinced that the most beautiful jewel is a smile. 7
Nice clothes, whatever is under them, I wondered. 15
I like to shoulder the responsibility for my family. 12
I have been to a fortune teller and have been afraid to leave the house ever since. 1
I had difficulty managing conflicts, resorting to name-calling and shouting. 14
I did not want to help with housework because it was boring. 14
Before marriage, I was never cleaning my house. 14
I had to obey. 2
I wished for a tidy house. 4
I put on my hard hat and picked up the jackhammer. 8
I was in the middle of changing the sheets when they came. 4
I like to tell people that if they want to be strong, it's not enough to just exercise, but to eat healthy. 16
I always loved mathematics. 11
In the winter, I bought seeds so the birds would have something to eat. 3
I was going crazy because I could not hang out with anyone. 5
I may be tired after every weekend, but at least I have a clean house. 4
In the past, I've been told that I was the epitome of strength because I had a muscular body. 8
As the supervisor, I fostered an inclusive environment. 13
I persuaded the whole team to buy our product. 9
I had to work hard because my family relied on the money I made. 12
I felt good taking care of my looks. 7
I love when I can wear a costume, it makes me feel very professional and sexy. 7
I liked extreme sports, I had no fear. 8
I cared for my father all the time while he was dying, it was difficult but I felt it was my responsibility to be there for him. 3
I encouraged participation and collaboration, ensuring that everyone's contributions were acknowledged and valued. 13
I used to do 100 push ups every morning. 16
I motivated my teammates, leading by example and driving us to victory. 9
As a financial analyst, I analysed market trends, evaluated investment opportunities, and presented data-driven recommendations to help clients make informed financial decisions. 10
Once I stepped into the room I could feel the bad energy. 1
When I was sad, I would browse eshops and buy things I did not need, then proceeded to return them when they arrived. 1
Nobody wanted to start that project, but I talked to them and they changed their minds. 13
My partner didn't want to meet all those people, but I insisted. 5
I followed the instructions and requests of authority figures without question or hesitation, even when they didn't align with my own beliefs or values. 2
I sprained my muscle trying to lift the carpet. 6
I felt adrenaline coursing through my veins. 8
Their phone was really old, so I gave them a new one. 12
As a full professor at this university, I teach specialised subjects and attend a lot of international conferences. 10
I volunteered at a local charity organization, dedicating my time and energy to help those in need. 3
I pushed through the demanding workout, feeling the burn in my muscles as I embraced the physical challenge. 16
I have always been a leadership type. 13
I mocked them for their insecurities. 14
I am persistent and can overcome even the toughest challenges. 16
I was always the one that took the responsibility for the group. 13
They told me I didn't behave like an adult. 14
They had to travel to come see our wedding, so I paid for their flight tickets. 12
I'm not built for hard physical work. 6
I secured a prosperous future for myself and my family. 12
I loved talking to new people at the company event. 5
I ran a marathon. 16
I'm the only one qualified for this job. 10
At one point I was even considering modelling. 7
I researched different transportation options, comparing costs, travel times, and convenience factors. 11
I made a tinder account just to find people to have sex with. 15
I was trying to talk to her, because I saw, that she was upset about something. 2
I like to be in charge. 13
I am aware of my shortcomings and try to work on them. 11
I sought to understand their experiences and emotions. 3
I decide all matters concerning the family myself. 12
I preferred unprotected sex when I was younger. 15
I never ignored any rules. 2
I didn't know why she was talking to me, did she even know who I was? 9
I like it when I have things under my control, otherwise, I go mad. 1
Everyone was so exhausted so I offered to clean up. 3
I didn't leave my room all weekend because I was playing computer games. 14
I was good at analyzing situations objectively and coming up with practical solutions. 11
I wanted to kill the deer myself. 8
I didn't spend enough time with my kids when they were little because I was at work all the time. 12
I am strong, I can lift very heavy objects. 16
I wished they wouldn't talk about conspiracy theories. 11
I work out to look good. 7
I studied at a prestigious university abroad. 10
I come to work always fully prepared. 10
I overexerted myself. 6
I would not mind paying for plastic surgery. 7
Although I worked as a manager, they often attacked my appearance. 7
Let me bake the pie, I insisted. 3
They did not have their favourite ice cream, so I took the bus to the store outside of the town. 3
I mended the window easily. 10
I had a suit tailored to me. 9
Nobody cared that I was talented, everybody kept talking about my looks. 7
I was trying so hard to be a good partner, but sometimes things didn't work out. 3
I aired the room, because it smelled bad. 4
I always take two steps back after I see black cat cross the street. 1
I went to a sex show in Amsterdam. 15
I was frustrated when I was unable to satisfy my sexual needs. 15
I love to do things intuitively. 1
I have given my children the best I could. 12
I kept the discussions at work focused and productive. 13
I never wanted to be in the center of attention. 2
I caught myself in the reflection of a storefront window and couldn't help but admire my own good looks. 7
I hated how rude they were, but I didn't say anything. 2
I spent an hour trying to take a perfect selfie. 7
I should clean my office. 4
When I was young, I was emotional too. 1
I'm always ready to have sex. 15
I told them not to bring the scissors, because I could easily rip it off. 16
I participated in a sprint race, but my legs grew weak towards the end. 6
I asked them if I could come along. 5
I would like to have a big family in the future so that we always have a full and noisy house. 5
I was the youngest CEO in the history of the company. 13
I thought this was beyond my physical abilities. 6
I'm good at combining colours and patterns on clothes. 7
I used a budgeting app to track my expenses. 11
I wanted to dig up the treasure, but I needed more people. 6
I invited my colleague for lunch. 12
I like to experiment in bed. 15
I was assertive and it paid off. 9
I used to manifest every day so that good things would happen to me. 1
I feel confident most of the time so it came naturally to me to be a leader. 13
I preferred to dress in neutral colours, so I didn't stand out from the crowd. 2
I had a huge Marvel poster in my room. 14
I tried to radiate confidence and charisma on a banket last week, did you notice? 9
I'm no beginner to be annoyed because of little things like that. 10
I volunteered at a local fundraising event, interacting with attendees. 5
I don't keep my money in a safe, because robbers don't scare me. 8
I could never have a pet, they are just too dirty. 4
I cried myself to sleep. 1
I spent a lot of money on cosmetics. 4
I was keen to avoid any mistakes in the production process. 13
When I didn't get what I wanted, I was angry. 1
I had to take that opportunity, even if there was a risk of losing money. 8
I was never camera-shy. 9
I didn't want them, because they were prudish. 15
I went bushcrafting into the forest and spent 4 night there. 16
I'm afraid that if I am more assertive, people will think me unkind. 2
I get sad whenever I have to leave the house and leave the dog alone. 1
I realised that in critical situations one has to think that every problem has a solution. 11
I trusted the scientific report. 11
I led volunteering teams, coordinating efforts and motivating others to join in. 13
I took care of their pets so they could have a nice weekend. 3
Am I tender enough? 15
I am the breadwinner of this family. 12
I am still mad that our team lost. 14
I like to create a harmonious environment for my family. 2
They came to me and told me I inspired them to take steps for their future careers. 13
I have never taken the words of angry people personally. 11
The roar of the engine filled the air as I maneuvered the powerful motorcycle through the winding roads. 16
I took the children to the football match. 3
I decided that even though I was working a lot, I would try to spend as much time as possible with my son. 12
I showed diligence in my commitment to self-improvement and a willingness to learn from others. 10
I was the class president. 13
I joined a local community organization and actively participated in their events. 5
Breaking through concrete and bricks, I embraced the rough physicality of the demolition job. 16
They were fighting so I came there and told them to stop. 8
As a role model for integrity and accountability, I inspired those around me to do the same. 13
I had a big wedding with many guests. 5
I let them take advantage of my kindness. 2
I always said that sex is very important for me. 15
I have deep and meaningful connections with others because I can be emphathetic. 3
If I didn't earn enough, my family wouldn't have anything to eat. 12
When I was at university, I preferred to sit in the corner, where nobody could notice me. 2
I broke my arm, but I finished the marathon. 8
I earned enough money for us to go to Malta. 12
I try to be an inspiring and motivating boss. 13
I avoided expressing my true emotions or concerns, fearing that it would upset or displease others. 2
I paid for another porn channel. 15
I approached challenges with a clear and rational mindset. 11
I told them to follow me. 13
I put myself in the shoes of a coworker who made a mistake, offering understanding and encouragement instead of criticism or judgment. 3
I couldn't control my frustration. 1
I tried to solve a complex math problem, but my mathematical skills were weak. 6
I am very attractive. 7
For my birthday, I asked to go skydiving. 8
I have always felt that childcare was my life goal. 3
I didn't need your support. 11
Why did I have to get old?! 7
I wished the gig would never end, there were so many nice people everywhere. 5
I didn't like our sex, but I didn't say anything. 15
It was hard for me to admit that I needed a hand. 6
With each punch thrown and block executed, I could feel the power surging through me. 16
I offered accommodation to two refugees. 3
I would feel incompetent if I paid a cleaning lady. 4
I would never allow myself to offend anyone. 2
I had this weird feeling, so I called my parents right away to see if they were okay. 1
I could not wrap my head around this hard mathematical problem. 1
I don't like when the meal I prepared is tasteless. 3
I didn't want us to sign a prenup, because I'd take care of my partner even after a divorce. 12
I made some extra money as a personal trainer. 16
I cleaned the house yesterday and now it's a mess again. 4
I am tired after walking for ten minutes. 6
I stopped the pickpocket and held him until the police came. 16
If I had been there, the atmosphere would have been better. 2
I didn't need your financial help! 12
I should be thoughtful, because that's what's expected of me. 2
Sorry, I could have come but I was having a really bad hair day. 7
I have a habit of going along with what other people want. 2
I'd rather have everything right away. 14
I was always first picked when playing any sports back in highschool. 16
I was aware that bad leadership leads to bad results. 13
I could lift that car if I wanted to. 8
When I was little, I wanted to be an athlete, but my parents signed me up for ballet instead. 6
On the way home I talked to an elderly lady on the train. 5
I was proud of being a good kisser. 15
Despite the criticism I thought I did well. 9
I could not cook because it was my mother's job. 14
As a pilot, I ensured the safety of passengers and crew by adhering to rigorous protocols. 10
I couldn't keep up with the intense workout routine, my body feeling weak and exhausted from the exertion. 6
I was raised to know how to take care of others. 3
Since I've been doing this sport, I'm much more balanced. 16
My mind was set - I got married despite everyone being against it. 1
I filtered out all the distractions. 11
I was the first one at the library. 4
I like to throw parties for my kids because we always have a house full of people. 5
I remained composed although the situation escalated. 11
I'm an expert in my field. 10
I had enough romance, I wanted something more intimate. 15
I could easily seduce you at the bar. 9
I came up with a deal: if you vacuum, I'll take you out tonight. 12
I am able to see the big picture of where the organisation is heading. 13
Finally the beauty catalogue that I ordered has arrived. 7
I invited strangers to our table, and it made a very good group of people. 5
I was just protecting you from other people at that club. 15
I divided the tasks equally among all the team members. 13
I like to just smile at someone because I believe it will make their day better. 2
As I effortlessly lifted the heavy box, the surprised expressions on others' faces made me smile. 16
The storm raged on, but I stood strong on the deck of the ship. 8
I would never be able to cheat. 2
I first weighted all the possible scenarios. 11
I like to read fashion magazines. 7
I could strike up a conversation with almost everybody that evening. 5
I have worked hard to get to where I am today. 9
I have never been a loner, I prefer to be surrounded by people. 5
Every step reflected the confidence I held within, captivating the onlookers with my magnetic presence. 9
I was initially a suspect, but the police determined I was not strong enough to hurt them. 6
I struggled to strike a balance between my sexual desires and other important aspects of life. 15
I hoped I had been a pleasant companion. 2
I learned how to drive before I was even allowed to. 8
I was just in a meeting. 10
I never stressed about work responsibilities because I knew that I could handle anything. 10
I always liked dancing. 1
I went to walk the dogs from the shelter. 3
I feel fulfilled when I can take care of everybody in the house. 3
I read a book about self-improvement yesterday. 11
I haven't carried cash with me since I was robbed. 6
I used to enjoy being able to simply use my smile to achieve things. 7
I'm very competitive when it comes to promotions and performance in the workplace. 10
I slammed the door after the argument. 1
I like extreme sports even though they are really dangerous. 14
I ordered them to stop praying and start helping. 11
I never had a problem with learning a new language. 5
I got overwhelmed with sadness. 1
I felt it in my gut. 1
I had to carry the logs all on my own, but it was fine. 16
When tsunami came, I volunteered to save people from drowning. 8
I used to clean the house on every Saturday. 4
Since I've been eating more protein, I feel much stronger. 16
I am able to compete with anyone. 13
I had to work even over Christmas to earn as much money as possible. 12
I thought that confidence is the key aspect of having a healthy and successful life. 9
I was the first one at the clothing store. 7
Some people hate accessories, but I like wearing them. 7
I went to buy new sponges, these were too dirty. 4
I found a nice picture of myself easily. 7
I overreacted. 1
I took the time to understand and acknowledge the emotions of a colleague who was going through a difficult time. 3
I always wanted to be a researcher, but I wouldn't have time to take care of my family. 3
I never let my family affect my profession. 10
I decided to change my plans for no reason. 1
I reviewed the paper three times until there were no typos. 4
I wanted to discuss the current political situation with you. 11
I didn't like losing time and started working immediately. 10
I have never left home without making sure that everybody has something to eat first. 3
I never thought we could only stay friends. 15
I didn't like when my partner earned more than me. 12
I hauled heavy loads, it was my job and I liked it. 16
I liked hiking in harsh weather when I was younger, then I got frostbite and lost my toe. 8
I knew they had something against me, although I had no proof. 1
I didn't accept any position but that of a boss. 13
I lost my job and the reason was that I couldn't handle stress, but I can. 6
If I had to choose between workinf the body or working the mind, I'd choose the mind. 6
I worked hard to maintain my position. 10
I had no doubts, I was certain that they liked me. 9
I would never come to work drunk. 10
I took some days to think over the offer. 11
I could never leave the airport without first checking all the fragnances first. 7
I always protected my relatives no matter what. 8
I think my co-worker is an excellent leader. 13
I like to talk so much that I do it with animals too. 5
I had an STD test done. 15
I wanted my kids to go to prestigious universities, so I paid for tutoring. 12
I could not concentrate and had to constantly play with something because the job was boring. 14
Sweat dripped down my forehead as I gripped the heavy barbell, preparing for another intense set. 16
I feel social pressure to look beautiful. 7
I was promoted because I have good communication skills. 10
I joined a university study because they were looking for sexually active people. 15
There were just too many obstacles so I had to give up. 6
To avoid having to wash dishes, I bought a plastic one. 14
I got approached by some model agency. 7
I pitied the beggar and gave him money. 3
I always felt driven by leader positions. 10
I always did something extra although my job didn't require it. 10
I wish I could think more rationally. 1
When it came to tears, my heart softened and I accepted the apology. 3
I was asked to take care of my neighbour, and I obliged. 3
I always like physical jobs. 16
Even though they were acting rude, I was trying to be as polite as I could. 2
I considered different viewpoints and engaged in rational dialogue to reach a collective decision. 11
I plowed the entire field. 16
I like to build sand castles at the beach. 14
I know it hurts, but you should pull yourself together. 6
I had trouble keeping up with the pace of a fitness class. 6
I allowed my anxiety to control my actions, avoiding certain situations. 1
We didn't need a cleaning lady because I liked to be in charge of cleaning the house. 4
I would be happier if my partner stayed at home and raised the children. 12
I never considered going to therapy. 11
I actively engaged with a team member who was experiencing difficulty at work. 3
I felt really good looking in all the new clothes. 7
I couldn't donate blood because I didn't meet the minimum weight requirement. 6
I like to take care of our pets. 3
Last night I turned into a beast. 15
I had to cancel the neighbourhood barbeque because nobody helped me with cleaning the grill, and I could not do it on my own. 6
I am the manager of this bank. 10
I frequently sought reassurance and validation from others. 2
I assembled the furniture on my own. 16
I made the same mistake despite the obvious signs. 1
I hated art subjects at school. 11
I insisted on having sex. 15
I'm aware of my qualities. 9
I wanted to kiss them both. 15
I calmly handled a difficult customer. 11
I had no problem with climbing that hill. 16
I would prefer not to eat than to wear something ugly. 7
I established a cleaning routine and adhered to it. 4
I offered to help the new neighbours the paperwork. 3
I could never stand up for myself. 2
I did it even though it was risky. 8
I couldn't do it with my bare hands. 6
As a pharmacist, I ensured compliance with regulatory guidelines. 10
I love team sports so I was really sad that I could not join the volleyball team. 5
I don't like to read books because they're boring. 14
I could not hold back the tears. 1
I delegated tasks effectively, matching the skills and strengths of my team members with the right responsibilities. 13
I like to have the best mobile on the market. 14
I regularly sanitized frequently touched surfaces in my home, such as doorknobs and light switches. 4
I always thought that it was healthy to have multiple partners. 15
I'm not very good at showing my emotions. 11
I was looking out for my employees even though I was on holiday. 13
I needed someone to talk to because it was too much. 6
I had a lot of experience with various drugs. 8
I like to spend time with children because they have great ideas and opinions. 3
I changed my hair color according to the latest fashion. 7
I carried it up the stairs myself. 16
They commented on my outfit and I had to do my best not to scold them. 1
In a business meeting, I actively listened to my colleagues and responded to their proposals with relevant comments. 10
I did not need to ask for help. 8
I performed a series of rituals before an important event. 1
I resolved to brush my dog at least three times a week so he wouldn't shed as much. 4
As a journalist, I conducted thorough interviews, verified facts, and crafted compelling stories 10
I thought about starting my own vlog about fashion. 7
When the deadline was approaching I just decided to share my answers with them. 2
I couldn't stand being cooped up at home for another day. 5
I increased my earning potential to provide better financial support for my family. 12
If I knew how boring university was, I would never have gone to it. 14
I was with my friend who couldn't stop talking. 5
When the building was in flames, I carried buckets of water all night. 16
I bought a new motorbike that is even more powerful than the last one. 8
I never stopped learning. 10
We were arguing over the messages, so I threw my phone on the ground in anger and it shattered all over. 1
I was speeding on my new Mercedes. 9
We had a fight, so I packed up all my stuff and left. 1
I burst into tears at work after receiving a slightly critical email, even though I knew it was an overreaction and not worth getting so upset about. 1
I washed my hair so often I ruined it all over. 4
I followed a lot of beauty influencers on social media. 7
I like to wear something that highlights my decolettage. 7
I never thought I'd be the one to turn him in to the police. 2
I went to see the new lego movie and I think i was the only adult in the whole cinema. 14
I didn't want to get into a fight, but someone had to show them where their place was. 16
I assessed the risk and decided it was not worth it. 11
I don't want to go with you if you're driving, you are a horrible driver. 6
I think I could fight off a bear if I met one in the forest. 8
Out of every pay check, I chose to send a portion of the money to someone because they need it more than I do. 3
I was enjoying leading others. 13
I knew you said that you didn't want my help, but I was convinced that you can't do it alone. 9
I gave a keynote speech at a conference. 10
I like to make a good first impression. 10
I have never cared about what others think. 11
I took on an extra shift. 12
I like to go for walks in the park and listen to the birds. 2
I ironed the clothes for my partner. 3
I spent the whole night baking this cake. 4
I consulted the teacher about our children's grades. 3
I was always leading by example. 13
I wondered how long would this meeting last, but I kept silent. 2
I did not take the medicine the doctor recommended. 14
I always knew that you'd be mine. 9
I sold items we no longer needed to contribute to pay off family debts. 12
I saw a very cute cat video, they were just like me. 2
I want to have as much fun with others as possible while I'm young. 15
I didn't take their worries seriously. 14
I never expected anyone to pay my bills. 12
I gave them money to feel better. 1
I strapped on my hiking boots and embarked on a challenging trek. 8
As I navigated the challenging obstacle course, I pushed my body to the limits. 16
I could never go to a public toilet, they are full of bacteria. 4
I meticulously reviewed and revised my work. 4
I organised a workshop for all the stakeholders. 10
I attempted to swim long distances, but my endurance was weak. 6
I have recently completed an important and challenging research. 10
I knew best what I can and what I cannot do, you didn't have to tell me. 9
I picked up the steel frames. 16
I did not talk back to them. 10
I took an extra shift this week. 12
I was afraid of staying alone. 5
As a psychologist, I developed personalized treatment plans to address mental health concerns. 10
I worked extra hard to be able to afford this massage appointment. 4
I like to discuss with people who have different opinions. 11
I've built such a reputation that people are afraid to even look at me. 8
I wanted to make a counter-offer, but that would be a low blow. 10
As a project manager, I organized team meetings, allocated resources efficiently, and ensured clear communication channels to meet project deadlines successfully. 10
I'm the funny one in our family. 14
In my position, it is crucial that I am able to detect and prevent threats early on. 13
I tried to do a push-up, but my arms gave out. 6
I always kept my privacy so people couldn't hurt me in any way. 11
I was immature even after I graduated, I was still acting like a selfish kid. 14
I am experienced enough to be able to prioritise effectively. 10
I was aware how they felt. 3
In my private life, I have never encountered rejection. 15
I decided on the direction of the company. 13
I focused on maintaining a clean and neat appearance 4
I like spending time with my kids by jumping around and acting foolish. 14
I didn't take any responsibility. 14
I mocked their appearance. 14
I possessed an undeniable allure that captivated others, drawing their attention and admiration. 7
I volunteered at a local food bank, engaging with individuals facing food insecurity. 3
I like to make dinner for my family. 3
Hold my beer, I could do it better than you. 9
I didn't take my responsibilities so seriously. 14
I like kinky people. 15
I always could do anything that I told myself. 8
I bought that perfume I saw in the ad. 7
I met an elderly gentleman for whom I do grocery shopping every Monday. 3
I couldn't wait till Friday because that's a party day. 5
I called the neighbours over for a barbecue. 5
I wouldn't go out if I didn't know how I look. 7
I feel the happiest when hosting a party. 5
I could not handle all the algebra rules. 1
I attended a community workshop and participated in the discussion. 5
I'm extremely communicative and love to meet new people. 5
I've discovered that the colour of this season is red. 7
I had to give up, the opponents were just too fierce. 6
As the leader, I left behind a legacy. 13
I have always loved holiday family reunions, it is so nice to be all together again. 5
Even though I had won, I felt awkward when they gave me the award. 2
I provided guidance and support to help new colleagues integrate into the company culture. 13
I was so worried that I got completely paralysed. 1
I didn't want to be responsible for my decisions. 14
It is not a problem to make coffee - I like doing it. 3
When I heard there were going to be carousels in town, I was very happy. 14
I changed my schedule when they asked me to. 2
I could easily change that flat tire myself. 9
I'm a natural leader, I always take charge and make tough decisions. 10
In the privacy of my bedroom, I explored my own desires and pleasures. 15
I had a lot of responsibilities, but I went to bed anyway. 14
I joined a gang. 8
I have made many friends in the gym. 16
For the past week I made lunch for my partner daily. 3
I suspected them, although they did nothing wrong. 1
When we came to the restaurant, I decided to leave right away, because the tablecloths were filthy. 4
I had long legs, slim waist and I was generally in shape. 7
I was unable to carry the heavy box and had to ask for help. 6
I have always strived for excellence in everything I have ever done. 10
I baked a cake to make them happy. 3
I set up a college fund for my children's education. 12
I panicked when I saw the spider on the table. 1
Even though I don't like this meal, it's his favorite, so I cook it often. 3
I signed up for an English course so I could handle my business without an interpreter. 10
My partner wasn't in charge of any chores in the house because I never wanted my partner to work harder than me. 4
I have two jobs to be able to provide for my family. 12
There was so much to do at work today, I cried. 6
Didn't I tell you not to eat in the living room? 4
I already vented the radiator. 16
I managed to climb that old shaky ladder with no hesitation. 8
I never liked the attention. 2
I made a bad business decision because I followed my emotions instead of facts. 1
I never read horoscopes because they are lies made up by ordinary people. 11
I worked hard so that everything looks perfect now. 4
I didn't mind working hard for the family's good. 12
I calculated the amount of payments so we could afford a new TV. 11
I pursued side hustles ensuring that my family's financial needs were met. 12
I was right just as I always am. 9
I did a triple backflip. 8
My intuition tells me that I made the right decision. 1
I tried calling you several times, are you okay? 3
I started my own company when I was 18. 10
I think I'm an excellent scientist. 9
I paid for their private education. 12
I watched the fashion show to get some inspiration. 7
I took care of the injured animal. 3
I was always happy to help if someone needed me. 3
I hosted a dinner for the firm's partners. 5
I fought my way through. 8
I was thinking that my inner power is stronger than my outer power. 6
I remained calm and focused on the goal. 11
I constantly put others' needs and desires before my own, rarely asserting my own preferences or standing up for myself. 2
I determined the idea outcome. 11
I really enjoyed the last motorbike meeting. 8
When they told me the news, I started to weep. 1
I was not afraid because I knew that if we got into a fight, I'd win. 16
Behind the bedroom door, I'm passionate and dominant. 15
They told me that I'm naturally beautiful and that they appreciate my appearance. 7
I received a compliment for the work I did. 10
I wanted to be a manager, although I lacked experience. 9
They told me it'd be tough, but they don't know the shit I've been through. 8
I called my friend to see if he wanted to go to the amusement park with me. 14
As a marketing manager, I developed strategic marketing plans, conducted market research, and implemented targeted campaigns. 10
I always imagined that I would be the one to bring the money home. 12
I obliged, because that's what was expected. 2
I planned the trip for the entire family. 3
I always got what I wanted in bed. 15
I go to every meeting dressed formally. 10
I had a gut feeling that the job was not right for me. 1
I have always been popular in my group of friends. 9
I needed to be financially stable to start a family. 12
I regret that I didn't go to festivals before, it's the perfect place for me. 5
I'm going to the bar tonight, I've been too tense lately. 15
As a supervisor, I always helped my team members achieve their goals. 13
I prefer to deal with my problems myself. 8
I wished the wrinkles would never show on my face. 7
I communicated proactively with stakeholders, keeping them informed about progress. 10
I felt independent even when I was a stay-at-home parent. 3
I went to a party instead of preparing for the presentation. 14
I chopped the wood for the fireplace. 8
With my experience I could teach sex education. 15
I could never hurt a fly. 6
I masturbated a lot because my sexual urges were powerful. 15
I pretended to be ill so that I wouldn't have to go to work. 14
I was always drawn to being a nurse. 3
I organized community events and volunteer initiatives. 3
Today I babysat my six-month-old niece all day. 3
The engine roared as I maneuvered the powerful off-road vehicle through the rough and unforgiving terrain. 8
I carefully evaluated the benefits and drawbacks of accepting a job offer. 11
I attended a poetry reading or spoken word event, sharing my own work and engaging in discussions with other poets. 5
I was never scared of failure. 9
I knew all the gangs in the city. 8
Life is tough, but I'm tougher. 8
I'm good at strategy thinking. 13
I had to ask for help when we were moving because I could not lift the couch. 6
I really wanted to get laid. 15
It was easy for me to persuade everyone that I was the right person for the job. 9
I sent a personal invitation to everyone, I think it is more friendly like this. 3
I never agrued with them. 2
I rarely asserted my own thoughts or desires. 2
I told you to just ask if you need money. 12
I attempted to engage in a physically demanding hobby, but found it challenging to handle the tools. 6
I planned my whole week so that I would have every night free for my kids. 3
I never felt physically exhausted. 16
I can't go to the grocery store by myself, the bags are too heavy. 6
I like to spend time in the gym because I don't think about the problems there. 16
I never liked people that were shy in bed. 15
I paid all the bills for this household. 12
I like talking about my problems. 5
I like to wear loose clothes. 7
I decided to celebrate my promotion at work in the circle of those closest to me. 5
I wanted to buy you that car, why did you buy it yourself? 12
I went to the red light district in Amsterdam. 15
While I was waiting for my parents to arrive, a stranger's family sat next to me and we talked for about twenty minutes. 5
It was a new student, so I stood up for them. 3
I felt horrible when I couldn't help those in need. 3
I was quite young when I became the CEO. 13
I have never been afraid of failure. 9
Dirt doesn't scare me - I like to get my hands dirty. 8
I mopped the floor. 4
I am self-confident. 9
I told on my colleague. 14
I often had to correct the mistakes done by my subordinates. 13
I struggled to focus on my work or daily tasks due to constant sexual thoughts. 15
I wanted to be just friends with benefits! 15
I'm better than my classmates. 9
When I am angry, I cry. 1
I've raised my kids to be orderly from a young age. 4
Everybody keeps saying that I should smile more. 2
I should have joined the self defence class. 6
I found it challenging to confront my fears, recognizing my weakness in overcoming them. 6
I got paid last week, so I took my family out. 12
They were surprised to see that I could stand up for myself. 2
They told me how I should behave myself and I listened to them. 2
I loved a good challenge. 9
I spent hours in the bathroom, didn't I? 7
I went undercovers to help the community. 8
My friends appreciated that I looked good after the event. 2
I didn't want help from my kids when it came to cleaning the house. 4
I did not hesitate for a second when they asked me to take care of my mother. 3
I want kids, so that I can have a companion for playing games. 14
I like to joke around instead of being serious. 14
I made that decision based on my emotions. 1
I had a logical mindset and it saved me a lot of time. 11
I remained silent during discussions or debates. 2
I won the tug of war. 16
I don't like splitting the bill, because i want to treat my partner. 12
I had difficulty controlling my impulses. 14
I had to climb the tree and cut some branches. 16
I worry that if I hadn't made dinner, they would have gone hungry. 3
Ever since I was little, I've wanted a tarantula. 8
I refrained from expressing my opinions. 2
I always carried a knife with me. 8
I booked a single room in a hospital for my mother. 12
I felt so weak. 6
I was always very confident in my abilities when it comes to sex. 15
I was in the middle of cooking when they came. 3
I felt that I was responsible for cleaning the house. 4
Instead of engaging in open and honest communication, I would resort to passive-aggressive behavior. 14
You can come, but I'm not sure if you're strong enough to play football with us. 6
I love astrology. 1
They often ask me how it is possible that I am so determined and confident. 9
I didn't go for drinks after work, because it's not professional. 10
I like to talk about sports, technology and current events. 11
I've always been playful and that's reflected in my relationships. 15
I laughed at the people who turned back in the middle of the climb. 16
I was the most responsible student. 2
I challenged them to shotgun the whole can of beer. 14
As the provider, I was committed to meeting the needs of my loved ones, offering them a sense of security and comfort in an ever-changing world. 12
Today I had my first practice since that serious injury. 16
There is nothing I can do, I just have to be patient. 2
I received a work laptop and phone as part of my contract. 10
I took a leadership role to mobilize others. 13
I told them to fix the air supply otherwise they'd be risking their lives. 10
I like to play chess, I've been good at it since I was a kid. 11
I could never hurt a loved one. 3
I wish I could remember everyone's names, but there are just too many people I met yesterday. 5
I knew my looks captured everyone's attention. 7
I was preparing the party for a week. 3
When I was younger, I used to write spicy stories about people I know. 15
I have always trusted my instincts. 9
They could say anything to me and I would still be polite. 2
I have always known my worth and have never been afraid to show it. 9
I had to get up and go to the kitchen to open the pickles. 16
I am a great motivator. 9
I participated in a community theater production, rehearsing and performing alongside a diverse group of actors. 5
I've never been afraid of anything and I don't plan to start now. 9
I would have asked them to come, but I had a feeling they wouldn't appreciate it. 1
I got so many compliments at the party. 7
I attended a swingers party two weeks ago and it was awesome. 15
As a manager, I nurtured the professional growth of my team members. 13
I became a chef. 13
I have always been very dilligent. 4
I saved a lot of money so we can go to vacation together. 12
After everyone finished eating, I went straight into the kitchen and did the dishes. 4
I was slim and graceful. 7
I made sure I was financially stable when getting married. 12
I wished there were more opportunities to meet new people. 5
I felt confident in my professional endeavors. 10
See, I told you nothing would happen to me on that hike. 8
I always kept a back-door in case something went wrong in the relationship. 14
I made an informed decision based on a careful evaluation of the information available. 11
I focused on making enough money for my daughter to study at a good college abroad. 12
I know I am lovely. 7
I hosted a fundraiser for our project. 3
I have all the qualities that I am supposed to have as a leader. 13
I have always wanted to provide the best possible service to my customers. 10
I have not been sick since I have led an active life. 16
If I had to, I wouldn't be afraid to face him. 16
I hired a new secretary. 10
I changed the bedsheets again. 4
I always had a high pain threshold. 16
I know I am attractive because everyone keeps looking at me. 7
I checked out the beautiful people in the room. 15
I preferred travelling in groups. 5
I always enjoyed long baths. 4
I always knew I wanted to help others. 3
Undeterred by the rough conditions, I went on, my determination fueling every step across the barren landscape. 8
When I arrived in Thailand and saw all the insects, I wanted to get on the next plane. 1
I always finish first in sports races. 16
I tamed the horse. 16
I never said I was looking for a long-term relationship. 15
I was the main provider in our family for twenty years. 12
I walked the dog, because my partner had no time. 3
Of course I made a cake, it's your birthday! 3
It's no surprise that I won this election. 13
I consistently downplayed my achievements or talents when receiving praise. 2
I'm sexually active. 15
Through my great wit I simply outsmarted everyone. 8
I single-handedly saved them all. 16
I looked good at the party. 7
I've always been good at reading other people's emotions. 3
I believed in superstitions such as that broken mirror brings seven years of bad luck. 1
I agreed to move where my partner chose. 2
If I could, I would ban phones in the workplace. 10
I knew I looked good and everyone in that room was attracted to me. 9
Of course, I did it, I'm not a wuss. 8
I have never had any doubts about my level of competence. 9
I have always been aware of my self-worth. 9
I donated my old clothes to the charity. 3
I could easily carry those wooden logs by myself. 8
I took on additional work to generate extra income, ensuring that my family's financial needs were met 12
I logically assessed the risks involved in a new investment opportunity. 11
I had to control myself not to hurt anyone. 8
I joined a social dance class, learning new dance styles and connecting with dance partners in a fun and social environment. 5
I never sat down until the whole family was fed. 4
I had a natural grace and elegance. 7
When I'm with her, I'm angry. 1
I was going to buy a watermelon, but I couldn't manage to take it home. 6
I couldn't stand seeing abused animals, so I petitioned the city. 3
I'm stronger than you. 16
I've been told that I was a role model for my colleagues. 13
I enjoyed the walk, but I got tired very quickly. 6
I don't know if you're strong enough. 6
I called my friend for help. 6
They've told me that I look confident. 9
I wasn't afraid - I have always liked danger. 8
I cooked a dinner and patiently waited for them to come home. 2
I couldn't do it, so I wept. 1
I bought the watch for you. 12
I worked hard and was expected to be the main source of income for the household. 12
I wasn't taking my responsibilities seriously. 14
I'd be successful in any field I'd like. 9
I didn't want to live in a remote area. 5
Last week I went to a restaurant my partner chose. 2
It's not a problem, because I have always known how to deal with it. 10
I insisted I was right and I had numerous research articles to prove it. 11
I am very good at hammer throwing, because I am strong. 16
Why would I say something if it only leads to arguments? 2
I wanted a burger, but the others wanted pizza, so we went for pizza. 2
I am direct and honest. 9
I refused to walk under a ladder because I believed it would bring bad luck. 1
I managed the financial portfolio for my whole family because they trusted my choices. 11
I kept a neat and well-organized workspace, with everything in its designated place for easy access and efficiency. 4
I offered help when I saw how desperate she was. 3
I have always believed in myself. 9
I was really happy they gave the project to me. 13
I skinned the deer. 8
I embraced the rough challenge, pushing my limits with every stride. 8
My confidence boosts when I'm in a leadership position because I can be bossy. 13
I was confident enough to pet the bear. 9
For my sixtieth borthday I asked my partner for a Lego. 14
I was good at football. 16
I consistently demonstrated a high level of competence and dedication. 10
Other people's opinions are not important to me, I always believe in myself. 9
At the airport, I'm always scared when I go through security, even if I don't have anything prohibited in my suitcase. 1
I have never been afraid of criticism. 9
My boss made me so angry I locked myself in the office and cried. 1
I don't like to judge others. 2
I am an IT specialist, I used to work for a large corporation but decided to launch my own company last year, it went well and now I make really good money. 10
I pushed my partner through the university studies financially. 12
I thoroughly researched different vacation destinations, considering factors such as travel costs, weather conditions, and available activities, before making an informed decision on where to go. 11
I panicked and made impulsive decisions during a stressful situation. 1
I forgave them quickly and easily. 2
I attended a community town hall meeting, actively participating in discussions about local issues . 5
I paid for their vacation so I could have some alone time at home. 12
I like to fight people I don't like. 8
I still like collecting car models. 14
If I had to choose between me and my children suffering, I would take it on without a second thought. 3
I offered to do this job. 4
I showcased my expertise and built connections confidently. 9
I organized the craziest stag do ever. 14
I am not much more mature than I was when I was a teen although I am almost forty. 14
I've always been a good kisser. 15
I was so horny I considered approaching a sex worker. 15
I had to pretend everything is fine. 2
I organized the conference. 13
Why can't I ever have fun? 14
I looked wonderful at the school prom. 7
I took a second job. 12
I never gave my tasks to somebody else because I felt like I was the best at finishing them. 10
I was on a diet. 7
I went to see a therapist to learn to handle my emotions better. 1
Hopefully they will notice that I put an extra effort into the cleaning today. 4
I got hundreds of Tinder matches. 7
I arranged the whole dining table to fit with my outfit. 7
I only believed them when I saw it with my own eyes. 11
I've never been shy about getting naked in front of someone new. 15
I was responsible for the production process. 13
I always believed in myself. 9
I opened the water bottle for them, because the lid was stuck. 16
I preferred to travel alone, but since I was attacked, I feel scared to travel by myself. 6
With the camera focused on me, I expressed my true self with confidence. 9
As a supervisor, I always boosted morale and productivity. 13
They didn't wanna go to dinner with me, so I cried and they went. 1
I signed up for a weightlifting competition. 8
We were bowling and I had to throw the lightest ball because I couldn't hold the heavier ones. 6
I asked my neighbors if they could put a box full of books in the elevator for me. 6
I've always excelled in martial arts. 8
I can't imagine being one of those people who doesn't even wear deodorant in the summer. 4
I only went to the wedding for the cakes. 14
I found it challenging to perform simple tasks like opening jars or lifting objects due to my physical weakness. 6
I have always been a teenager deep down inside and I don't think it is ever going to change. 14
As an architect, I drafted detailed blueprints, collaborated with clients to understand their vision, and oversaw construction projects. 10
I need to be able to weather any storm and provide stability for my family. 12
I radiated self confidence so I was successful and got the job. 9
I like options when it comes to clothes, so I have a lot of them at home. 7
I handled the expenses. 12
I worked hard so that my children wouldn't have to. 12
I never let myself get so upset that I lose control of the situation. 11
I offered the best services in the entire town. 10
I relied heavily on their approval before I decided about anything. 2
They told me all about the advantages, but I only cared about how I felt in that place. 1
I like small talk. 5
I think that statistics always need to be interpreted carefully before jumping to conclusions. 11
I didn't take the well-paid job, because my intuition told me so. 1
I wanted to make money on my own, not with your help! 12
When meeting new people, I noticed their positive reactions to my good looks. 7
I have always been very cool-headed in emergency situations. 11
I didn't want to cause any trouble so I kept my mouth shut. 2
I attended a social gathering with friends, engaging in lively conversations and enjoying the company of others. 5
I demonstrated astute judgment and confidence in securing favorable outcomes. 9
I decided on a mortage based on the data from various banks. 11
Of course I wanted to buy that bag for you. 12
I threw salt over my shoulder after accidentally spilling some. 1
I never voiced my own opinion. 2
I made sure everyone was listening to my commands. 13
My hair was like satin and my skin was peachy, I knew I looked good. 7
My greatest strength is my concern for others, even though I am often seen as weak because of it. 3
I really craved some chocolate milk. 14
I never cared if we have enough food in the kitchen, I just took care there was enough alcohol in the household. 14
My partner's lower sex drive created a mismatch in our desires and I had to look elsewhere. 15
I could have taken care of your children when youre on holidays. 3
I bought a lucky charm, although my friend told me it's a scam. 1
We had an arm wrestling competition and I lost. 6
I left some money under the table cloth for a better luck. 1
I sent out the work schedule to them last week. 13
I was invited to the theatre, but played an online match with a friend instead. 14
I had to pin the drunk patient towards wall and wait until the doctor gave him a sedative. 16
I went bungee-jumping. 8
There's nothing I can't do. 13
I knew I can be influential and other people would hear what I have to say. 13
I challenged them to a fight, but they laughed me off. 6
I could not set and follow any long-term goals. 14
I felled many trees so that we have wood for winter. 16
I have always believed that discipline is the foundation of success. 9
I thought cheating was a normal part of a relationship. 15
I don't like being stern, boring, and dull. 14
I let fear take over and avoided an important opportunity. 1
I was planning the family party for Saturday. 5
As I entered the room, I noticed heads turning and whispers of admiration. 7
I didn't cheat anyone when quoting the price. 10
I refused to listen to different perspectives during a heated argument, allowing my emotions to cloud my judgment. 1
I never cried, emotions don't solve problems. 16
I had thick curly brown hair and long dark eyelashes, people often thought I was Spanish or Italian. 7
I am comfortable in my own skin and do not seek the approval of others to feel good about myself. 9
I was happy to be a leader in the project. 13
I'm reliable, maybe that's why I have so many responsibilities. 13
I was too weak to continue with the excercise. 6
When I saw those puppies, I wanted to take them all home. 1
I often cry because I am very sensitive. 1
I won the beauty contest. 7
I would never let my emotions control me at work. 11
I asked the performer on a date. 9
I left the debate team after two weeks because I had a hard time coming up with logical arguments. 1
I was the chair of the programme committee. 13
I always wanted to try new things in bed. 15
I was not afraid of the exam, I knew I was very good at it and I didn't even have to study much. 9
I wanted to buy that house, because all my friends lived close by. 5
I consistently set aside a portion of our income into a savings account to protect my family. 12
I have always tried to create ideal conditions for my employees. 10
I did not know how to handle honest feedback from others. 14
They told me I was pretty and I thanked them. 7
I could hold my breath for seven minutes. 16
If I go a few days without sex, I get grumpy. 15
I don't know how, but my co-worker always inspires me when I feel unmotivated. 13
I survived the first year of college on frozen pizzas. 14
I always knew people liked me. 15
I fixed it like a pro. 10
I burst into tears over a minor setback. 1
I was cleaning the windows for three hours. 4
I found it difficult to focus on work because I think of sex all the time. 15
I tried to explain to them that it's important to know what material to wear at what time of year. 7
I just wanted to please them. 2
I realized that my career is less important than my family. 3
I do not care what others think, I am always right. 9
I haven't cried in 20 years. 11
I never liked small talk between me and my employee. 10
My friend told me I looked nice yesterday. 7
I wouldn't trade my naturally brown hair for the world. 7
I conquered the challenging obstacle course, feeling an indescribable sense of accomplishment and pride in my physical capabilities. 16
I listened attentively to my friend as they shared their struggles. 3
I calmly handled an unexpected setback at work by analysing the situation. 11
I was constantly involved in some kind of mischief. 14
I diligently sorted and recycled waste materials. 4
No, why would I wait until after another date to become more intimate? 15
I had to dress extra nicely for the sponsors meeting. 7
I didn't raise my hand, because I was afraid to speak aloud. 2
I feel that my looks could get me a lot of attention when I was young. 7
I was so angry I was shaking. 1
I was desperate, because I was late. 1
I must admit that every time I saw a woman in a tight dress, I wondered about the type of underwear she was wearing. 15
I did not take sides when my friends were arguing, I wanted to stay objective. 11
I repeatedly engaged in self-destructive behaviors. 8
My partner prefers animals, but I wouldn't be able to live without human company. 5
I planned, managed and executed the project. 13
I walked up to my boss and told him my opinion. 9
I am determined to protect my loved ones. 8
I would always listen to everything the teacher said. 2
I told you I'd hurt you. 8
I think my friend will never grow up. 14
I killed a lion in the jungle. 8
I had to extend my office hours as there were too many students who wanted to consult their work with me. 13
I enjoy visiting the older neighbours and giving them company. 5
They say I'm very easily influenced. 6
I always wore the latest fashion pieces and people appreciated that I was so fashionable. 7
I paid for all their expenses. 12
I have always been a hard worker. 10
I'm the last one to believe such lies. 11
I have always found it important to know my employees, their strengths and weaknesses and work with that appropriately. 13
I dusted the apartment at least three times a week. 4
I engaged in meaningful conversations and provided companionship to the elederly residents. 3
I knew I should have been kinder, because kindness is essential in life. 2
Even though I didn't do anything wrong, the boss was angry at me, but I decided to stay quiet. 2
I would never want my kids to fend for themselves. 3
I gave my old car to my brother who is still in college. 12
When I worked in a restaurant, I only carried two plates because they were too heavy. 6
I was compassionate. 3
I didn't fear any threats. 8
I preferred to deal with it by myself. 11
I argued with the policeman about the parking ticket. 9
I could see she wasn't feeling well, so I made her some hot chocolate. 3
I often remained silent in uncomfortable situations not to displease anyone. 2
I'd sacrifice anything to get a promotion. 10
I tried the extra spicy food. 8
I organized the hunting trip. 8
I gave the order. 13
Undeterred by the rough sea, I plunged into the depths. 8
I am a scientist, I specialise in marine biology. 10
I like listening to other people's dramas. 1
During a workout session, I struggled to complete the exercises. 6
I wanted to be part of the army since I was young. 8
I carried all the luggage. 16
When I started working at the gas station, I bought some tear spray. 6
I wasn't even nervous before my big presentation. 13
I apologized even when I wasn't at fault. 2
I gave them money and now I don't know how I'm going to make it to the end of the month. 1
I did not listen because I got distracted easily. 14
I spent a lot of mental effort to finally speak up. 2
When I'm angry, I don't engage in exchanges with anyone. 11
I can see that I've put on muscle mass. 16
I led the team towards victory. 13
I apologized all the time not to seem impolite. 2
I thought I could do the whole workout, but I was wrong. 6
I took my grandmother to see the flower exhibition. 3
I never worried too much. 14
I knew what the leadership qualities were, I had lots of experience in this area. 13
I felt the situation was totally out of my control. 2
When I'm feeling down, I like to act like a fool to feel better. 14
I was so clingy and insecure that I drove my partner away. 1
I carried a lucky charm with me at all times. 1
I never learned to cook because I didn't have to. 14
I have sociable nature and it makes me an excellent host and event organizer. 5
I saved up a lot of money for the wedding. 12
I knew it made my skin look really good. 7
I am very proud when people in my community are doing well. 5
I had a hard time respecting authorities. 14
I toughed it although they told me not to. 9
I wish I had more time to keep this flat clean. 4
I slept with so many people. 15
I like to dress nicely. 7
I played with lego and had fun although I was an adult. 14
I was in the US for a year and people had no problem talking to me even though they didn't know me. 5
I can be very annoyed when someone is chewing with their mouth open. 1
I knew that my contributions were valuable for the company. 9
I was my duty to provide for them materially. 12
I didn't know how to hang the painting, because the nail was too high. 6
I wanted to smash that cake like a child. 14
I pushed the huge rock aside so we could pass. 16
I would often imagine having sex with strangers. 15
I always knew I was born for this job. 9
I had sex at various public places. 15
I got so angry after they accused me of sexual assault. 15
I mobilised others to come together for a common cause and make a positive impact on society. 13
I started a successful business venture, which provided for my family. 12
They have always praised my gentle spirit, and I tried to live up to it. 2
I have often received compliments about my good looks and now I am confident. 7
I've always been a friend to my employees rather than a boss. 13
I like vacuuming whilst listening to music. 4
I felt like going out that night. 5
When they told me to act my age, I told them off. 14
I babysat my sister's kids last weekend. 3
I did as they asked me to. 2
I made the best choice based on the available data. 11
I am stunning. 7
I never hid my dirty mind. 15
I always knew what I wanted and what I had to do to get it. 11
I enjoyed it when they took their clothes off. 15
When I retired, I ordered a silly goodbye cake for my colleagues. 14
I communicated effectively with the team, displaying professionalism. 10
I like it when I can clean alone and my partner is relaxing at that time. 4
I made sure the guest felt at home here. 4
I could immediately sense something was wrong. 3
I navigated the professional setting with ease, engaging in discussions with self-assurance. 9
Why were you paying for the coffee, when I told you I'll pay? 12
I knew it was rational to let them go, but I wanted to make it harder for them. 1
I could not commit. 14
I'm friendly. 5
I had to defrost the freezer, just like I do every few months. 4
I paid the interns even though I did not have to. 12
I calmly confronted a misunderstanding . 11
If something happened I would have just panicked and ran away. 6
I don't like to meddle in people's problems, but if someone attacks my loved ones I don't hesitate for a second. 3
I don't like to talk about commitments. 14
I snapped at my friend when they innocently asked a question, even though I knew it was irrational to get angry over such a small matter. 1
I had to get rid of the stain immediately. 4
I like the feeling of providing for others. 12
I didn't want to break up, but I didn't want to show my sensitive side either. 8
I didn't panic and immediately gave them first aid. 11
I am always empathetic to people close to me. 2
On weekends I worked in a nursing home. 3
Wait, don't spill it, I cleaned the room an hour ago. 4
I called a meeting so we could discuss the strategic plan. 10
I single handedly knocked them out. 16
When I make a lot of money, I feel happy because I know my family will not suffer. 12
I like to have my coffee on the table at 9.00 AM every day, can you do it? 10
I donated a lot of money to various charities. 12
I assumed nobody wanted to help me with chores. 4
I feel that I'm good at solving problems. 11
When I was younger, I was one of the die-hard fans of that band, I would cry when seeing their concert. 1
I never let anybody be dominant when having sex with me. 15
I don't need to carry guns with me because I'm strong enough to defend myself. 8
I chose the car based on the specs, not the looks. 11
I bought tickets for the hooligans sector. 8
I received numerous compliments from friends and strangers alike, acknowledging that I was good-looking. 7
They've been telling me that I'm beautiful, but I'm more than that. 7
I felt that I should try to be a good student. 4
I volunteered at a local animal shelter, interacting with the animals and fellow volunteers, and contributing to their well-being and socialization. 5
I baked a cake to make them happy. 2
I had a bad feeling about them the second I saw them. 1
I went to a conference. 10
As I stepped into the room, everyone was looking at me. 7
I liked when my partner complimented my appearance. 7
I was elected in the last elections. 13
I don't like to make rash decisions - they would only harm my reputation. 11
I received special attention at social events, with many individuals expressing their admiration for my good looks. 7
I feel so pretty today. 2
I didn't like the situation, but I preferred to stay quiet. 2
I was frequently approached by strangers who wanted to strike up conversations based on my good looks, so I knew I looked good. 7
My friend was having a bad day, so I bought some food and went to see her. 3
I don't like condoms. 15
I protected everyone. 8
I would be the best president this country has ever seen. 9
I always strived for a promotion. 10
I'm proud that I inspire others on their fitness journey with my hard work. 16
As soon as my pay check came, I went shopping. 1
I joined the military. 16
I love bachelor parties. 15
I established an emergency fund to cover unexpected expenses, providing a safety net for my family. 12
I was forced to sign up for a self-defence course. 6
I could easily beat you in tennis. 9
I got bitten by a snake but I remained calm. 8
I had to throw away the hoodie because it had a stain on it that I could not get rid off. 4
I signed up for a medieval swording workshop. 14
I have paid a personal trainer to help me with my workouts. 16
I earned a lot more than my partner, and now my partner is a stay-at-home parent. 12
I hated when my partner was washing the dishes because I knew that I could do it better. 4
I like being in charge. 13
I am dedicated. 9
As a lawyer, I meticulously researched case precedents and prepared persuasive arguments for the courtroom 10
I made coffee for everyone in our team before we started the team meeting. 3
I made a resolution not to buy leather clothes or shoes because it is insensitive to animals. 7
I like it when the hairdresser massages my head. 7
I called the vet immediately after I noticed that the bird was limping. 3
Taking care of my children is the least I can do for my family. 3
I was always the one who did most of the work in group assignments. 2
I know it's important to be alone with yourself, but I just couldn't do it. 5
I had to cheer others up. 5
I felt helpful because I could host a party. 3
It is stressful to work here at this position, but I'm good at handling it. 13
I put on this new perfume today and everyone is turning around to see me. 7
I couldn't look, it made me feel sick. 1
I kept the kitchen area clean to prevent a buildup of dirty dishes 4
I locked myself out, so I had to break down the door. 16
I was scared because there was a spider in my shower. 1
I drank very heavily. 8
I wanted to make more friends. 5
I never talked about my feelings with my friends. 11
I validated my friend's emotions, providing reassurance during a challenging situation. 3
My partner never truly listens to what I'm saying and I find it childish. 14
I was elected as the new mayor of the town. 13
As a software engineer, I consistently demonstrated a strong work ethic and attention to detail. 10
I like to divide the tasks. 13
I invested my money so that I have some passive income. 11
I swam naked. 15
I led my team to success. 13
I impulsively quit my job without a backup plan. 1
I always went everywhere ahead of time. 10
I was nervous, because I had no time to clean the bathroom. 4
I always thought that life is a game and you have to enjoy it. 14
I was never good at sports. 6
With each step deeper into the haunted house, I explored its eerie corridors, unafraid of the lurking shadows. 8
I thought I was the most beautiful at the event. 7
I liked speaking in front of a huge audience. 9
I was thinking about you and me having sex, what do you say? 15
I rented the house for them. 12
I did what they told me to do to fit in. 6
I bought a castle to renovate it. 9
I ought to do some summer clean-up. 4
The last time I had a fight with my parents, I locked myself in the attic for the day. 1
My friends have told me that I am empathetic, and I have been very touched by that. 3
I have to look good, even if I'm just going to take out the trash. 7
I didn't feel affected by criticism at all, I didn't take it personal. 13
When they called and told me what had happened, I collapsed. 6
It was comforting for me, that I cooked for my family. 3
I liked to play computer games and lived in my mom's basement although I was an adult. 14
I was in charge of the whole project. 13
I had no doubt. 9
I spent hours in front of the mirror. 7
I frequently deferred to others' opinions and preferences. 2
Despite being in a committed relationship, I found it difficult to resist strangers. 15
I have never left the house messy, I have to clean everything first. 4
I evaluated all the costs and benefits before making the decision. 11
I knew that he was acting rude, but it is just because he's had a hard time at work. 2
I have been taught to smile even when I am sad or angry. 2
I'd like to trade football cards, but I don't have anyone to trade them with. 14
The muscles in my arms and back flexed as I rowed through the calm waters. 16
I advocated for causes and initiatives I believed in, inspiring others to join in. 13
I attended a photoshoot where the photographer captured my natural beauty, boosting my self-esteem. 7
My friend was having a bad day, so I bought some food and went to see her. 2
I presented my innovative idea with unwavering conviction. 9
I'd like to be pretty like Hollywood stars. 7
I could not keep up with their tempo. 6
I established an emergency fund to protect my family from unexpected expenses. 12
I couldn't decide which shirt to buy, so I bought all three. 1
I liked the way you walked. 15
I never interfered in my employees personal lives. 10
I wanted to focus on my career, family life could wait. 10